Councillors on South Ayrshire Council approved the scheme at a Planning Hearing on Thursday, along with a further development proposal  at Heathfield Retail Park reported to be anchored by Marks & Spencer Waitrose secures planning consent for new store in Ayr Waitrose secures planning consent for new store in Ayr - Daily Record Supermarket chain Waitrose is to open its eighth outlet in Scotland after securing planning consent for a new store in Ayr.
Councillors on South Ayrshire Council approved the scheme at a Planning Hearing on Thursday, overturning their officers’ recommendation for refusal.
A separate planning application for a three unit retail development and change of trading conditions at the Heathfield Retail Park in Ayr, reported to be anchored by Marks &amp; Spencer, was also approved.
Waitrose said the new store, which will be built on land beside the Holmston Roundabout next to Dobbies Garden Centre, will bring around 180 new jobs when it opens in early 2016.
Councillors accepted arguments put forward by the developers, Dawn Developments Ltd, the scheme would bring benefits to the area, voting 17 to 5 in favour.
Speaking after the Hearing, Alan Macdonald of Dawn Developments said: “South Ayrshire councillors made the right choice today.
“Granting Waitrose planning permission is a clear sign that Ayr is open for business.
“We'll work closely with the council in coming months to finalise the proposal and start construction.
“It's our aim to have Waitrose Ayr open by early 2016.”
Mark Gifford, head of retail operations for Waitrose said: “We are delighted that councillors share our confidence that the major investment in a new store will make a positive contribution to Ayr and deliver significant benefits, including new employment opportunities and more choice for local residents.
“There is a feeling that Ayr is a town very much on the up and we are excited to be part of that.
“We are grateful to everyone who took part in our consultation and who contacted the council on our behalf.”
Waitrose currently has two branches in Edinburgh (Comely Bank and Morningside); Byres Road Glasgow; Newton Mearns; Stirling; Helensburgh.
The retailer, part of the John Lewis Partnership, said it also hopes to lodge a planning application for another branch in Edinburgh at Corstorphine before the end of the year.
&nbsp;