THOMAS Feeney denies robbing 33-year-old woman and sexually assaulting her with attempt to rape. Sex attack accused tells Glasgow High Court he dressed up as a woman after female clothing found in caravan - Daily Record A MAN accused of a sex attack has told a court he dressed up as a woman in his spare time.
Thomas Feeney, 47, claimed he enjoyed wearing female clothing after he was asked about items said to belong to him which were found at a disused quarry.
Feeney denies robbing a 33-year-old woman and sexually assaulting her with intent to rape in a caravan near Shotts, Lanarkshire, on September 5 last year.
It is alleged that he tied the woman up with tape and robbed her of &pound;2000, car keys, a BMW, a pink thong and a purple bra.
Feeney also denies menacing the woman with an imitation gun. He claims that when the incident took place, he was driving his 10-year-old son to school.
The High Court in Glasgow has heard that Feeney’s DNA was found on cable ties, duct tape found in the caravan and trousers and pants the woman was wearing.
Asked if he could explain this, Feeney, from Airdrie, said: “I wasn’t there. I am being framed for this. I can’t explain it. It must have been transferred somehow.”
Feeney was asked about a phone, a gun and women’s clothing found at a disused quarry months after the incident. Referring to the phone, he said: “It is mine. It’s an old one. I hadn’t used it since 2007 or 2008.”
He said he knew nothing about the garments but claimed the quarry was a place he went to wear women’s clothing.
He added: “It’s private. It’s what I’ve done for four or five years. I go to country places and wear women’s clothes.”
Feeney denied that the gun belonged to him and said that plastic ballbearings for that type of gun which were found in his garage had been planted there.
Iain McSporran, prosecuting, asked: “Do you not see how preposterous your position is?” Feeney said: ‘Yes, but I wasn’t there.”
The trial, before judge Norman Ritchie QC, continues.