THE hunky star, who was playing at a pro-am golf tournament in St Andrews, revealed how he had enjoyed the nightlife of Scotland's biggest city. Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan tells how he struggled to be a hit with the ladies in Glasgow's nightclubs - Daily Record FIFTY Shades Of Grey Star Jamie Dornan might be giving ladies around the world hot flushes but the strapping actor used to be found sweating it out on the dancefloor of a Scots nightclub.
Jamie, who plays erotic billionaire Christian Grey in the forthcoming movie of the best selling book, was in Scotland to play the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship and revealed that he used to be a regular at The Glasgow Garage club and student unions.
&nbsp;

Coming off the 18th hole at Carnoustie he said: &quot;I've&nbsp; done my time in Scotland. I spent a lot of time here with student friends. They were all in Glasgow so I had many a fun night in Glasgow. It's been a while now, probably about ten years ago, but we'd go to The Garage. That was one of the clubs and the students union was always a big one. I doubt I was a hit with the Scottish ladies.&quot;
Jamie, whose wife Amelia Warner gave birth to their first child in December, wasn't enamoured with his play on the course, despite his film character's reputation for er, swinging.
 

After joking we'd heard he was good at the sport he replied: &quot;Who did you hear that from? This is my first time playing golf here and it's tricky out there. I'm hoping it's going to get easier but the rain is coming tomorrow so I doubt that. I was here in 1999 when Jean van Delvelde was having fun in the burn there and Paul Laurie took it home. I was 17 years old and stood here on the 18th green watching all this happen.&quot;
The actor who is more brooding than witty, admitted playing golf was bit of respite from his upcoming movie and TV work.
He said: &quot;This week is a bit of a rest. I've got a lot going on and and have a job coming up in a couple of weeks so probably should be doing some work. I have to do a lot of prep cause it's a job like any other. I do slightly more strenuous things to keep fit but you don't get many tubby golfers. I don't know when I'll next be in Scotland but I always enjoy it. The genes are similar, We probably share some similarities -&nbsp;&nbsp; socially on the drink.&quot;
He added: &quot;It's been good fun with Bill Murray. He's a legend with a great swing and he can't stay serious for too long and he was great company. It was jokes all round until I was hitting it so badly I couldn't really stand for jokes anymore. I'm now going to have a pint here or get back to St. Andrews where I'm staying to reflect and try to work out how to play golf tomorrow.&quot;
Bill Murray who couldn't wait to have a bowl of soup with maybe &quot;half a pint of sherry in it&quot; after his round of golf admitted that playing with Jamie wasn't as funny as it could have been.
He said: &quot;Jamie is kind of the strong silent type and our conversations were interspersed like two amateurs kayaking across the ocean heading in separate directions&nbsp;&nbsp; and getting together back at the tee. He had a little more trouble than I had. He started strong and didn't have a lot of sleep. Because of the new baby he's sleep deprived.&quot;
Bill who said he'd been on a boat trip round the Isle of May and talked with the seals also revealed he'd been at George Clooney's wedding but hadn't bought him and his new bride a present.
He said: &quot;It wasn't as momentous for me because I didn't get married although I had a wonderful time and I got moist. They are two wonderful people and very happy. You don't buy them anything as a present. You are asked not to bring anything and asked to leave without anything.&quot;