GLASGOW Airport has received a boost after Canadian airline WestJet confirmed its intention to introduce daily, direct flights between Glasgow and Halifax, from summer 2015 WestJet confirms Glasgow-Canada flights from 2015 GLASGOW Airport has received a boost after Canadian airline WestJet confirmed its intention to introduce daily, direct flights between Glasgow and Halifax, from summer 2015.

The new link-up will mark the first time the firm has served an airport in the UK, and only the second transatlantic route following the launch of flights to Dublin. 
Halifax - the capital of the Nova Scotia province - has strong ties with Scotland, both culturally and historically.
In honour of the connection, WestJet will number the Glasgow flight WS30, to mark St Andrew’s Day on November 30.
The maiden journey will leave from Glasgow on May 30 2015, and fly daily until October 24. 
The flight will last five hours 15 minutes, and be operated by one of the airline’s 136-seater Boeing Next-Generation 737-700 aircraft.
Managing Director of Glasgow Airport, Amanda McMillan, welcomed the new route, adding: “This is fantastic news for Glasgow Airport and for Scotland. 
“WestJet is an ambitious airline with an extensive route network and we’re delighted it has chosen Glasgow as its first ever UK destination. 
“Scotland has always enjoyed a close relationship with Canada and not only will the daily service to Halifax provide our customers with greater choice, it will further strengthen our long haul connectivity.
“This announcement underlines our commitment to delivering the routes and services our customers demand and we are looking forward to welcoming WestJet to Glasgow.”
Gordon Matheson, leader of Glasgow City Council and chair of the city’s Marketing Bureau added: “WestJet’s new route from Halifax is a major boost for Glasgow, providing the perfect opportunity to strengthen cultural and business links between both cities. 
“There will undoubtedly be strong demand for this service, which has huge potential to deliver significant inbound leisure tourism.”
The confirmation of the new route comes just days after Glasgow Airport confirmed it would be adding extra flights to Orlando, in Florida.