Dad of three, Stuart who suffered a cardiac arrest said nothing would stop him marrying his partner, Louise. Heartbreak to happiness for Dumfries couple - Daily Record A Dumfries dad whose wedding was postponed after he had a heart attack has finally tied the knot.
Stuart McIver married sweetheart Louise Smith at the Crichton Church on Sunday – a month after the planned date.
The 28-year-old mechanic said: “I wasn’t going to let a cardiac arrest stop me marrying her.”
The couple, who have three children, were watching TV in their Rae Street home on August 24 when the normally healthy Stuart collapsed.
Louise, 29 said: “It looked like he was having an epileptic seizure.
“I didn’t know what was happening to him. His breathing was laboured and the paramedics told me not to touch him.”
Stuart, who had celebrated his stag do the day before, was rushed to Dumfries Infirmary before being transferred to the Golden Jubilee in Glasgow to have a defibrillator fitted.
Despite missing his wedding and spending 12 days in hospital Stuart can’t remember a thing about it due to short-term memory loss attributed to his heart attack.
He said: “It’s a very surreal experience. The paramedic told us only 10 per cent of people survive a cardiac arrest. I’m really lucky to be alive.”
And after the stress of missing his big day with Louise, Stuart was even more devastated when he discovered that medics had to cut up his favourite football strip to save his life.
He added: “I was gutted when I found out the paramedics cut me out of my Scotland top.”
Stuart and Louise, of Heathhall, have been together for five years and had been planning their wedding since getting engaged last July.
After Stuart took unwell they thought it would take at least another year to organise. But thanks to helpful businesses in the wedding industry and their guests, the couple were hitched at the weekend.
They roped in kids, Callum, eight, as ring bearer, Mia, seven, as flower girl and two-year-old Duncan to help.
Louise added: “It’s a wonderful feeling to finally be married.”