HOSPITAL bosses have come under fire after a young mum was treated in a blood-spattered cubicle. A&E rapped over blood-spattered cubicle HOSPITAL bosses have come under fire after a young mum was treated in a blood-spattered cubicle.Discarded needle covers, tissues and a used gown were also left lying in the cubicle at the Accident and Emergency unit at the Victoria Infirmary.The 30-year-old, who suffers from a chronic condition that requires regular hospital visits, took photographs on her mobile phone when she was sent to A&amp;E on Thursday.She said: &quot;They took me up to cubicle three and as soon as I went in I could see someone had been in just before me.&quot;There was a gown and a crumpled blanket on the bed. They just lifted them up and told me to lie down.&quot;I refused and sat on the corner of a chair. I was scared to move. I looked around and started to notice how dirty the place was.&quot;There was blood on the floor and on the bottom of the units. There was a scrunched up tissue in the corner of the room. There was also a plastic cover of a needle lying there. It was disgusting.&quot;The mum-of-two, from Govanhill, who has asked not to be named, was then left alone in the cubicle and began cleaning the surfaces.She said: &quot;I took some wipes from under a trolley and cleaned the bed so that I could sit on it. I also wiped the blood from the floor because I was worried I'd catch something.&quot;When the doctor came back he said he was thinking of keeping me in but I actually told him I felt better so that I could get out of there.&quot;When I left I felt like I needed to have a shower. It was horrible. The first thing I did when I went home was run a bath.&quot;The Victoria Infirmary was slammed by a health watchdog last year after a snap inspection found blood and body fluids on medical equipment and needles protruding from bins.A follow-up visit by the Healthcare Environment Inspectorate in November 2013 found &quot;good standards of cleaning across all the wards and departments&quot;.When the Evening Times showed NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde photographs of the blood-stained cubicle, the health board immediately instructed staff to improve standards.A spokeswoman said: &quot;We regret that the cleanliness standards appear to have fallen below the high standard we strive to deliver.&quot;Steps have been taken to reinforce to our staff the importance of maintaining high levels of cleanliness.&quot;peter.swindon@eveningtimes.co.uk