IT was the celebration that will not be quickly forgotten by those who witnessed it. biggest and the best! IT was the celebration that will not be quickly forgotten by those who witnessed it.Ian Adie and his colleagues from BIG - the Business Investment Group - were stunned to be named, Glasgow's Favourite Business, as voted for by readers of the Evening Times.Ian received the award from our deputy editor Rob Bruce and, clearly emotional, held both arms aloft at the podium.The 700-strong audience cheered as Ian told them just how much the award meant to the company.The accolade was part of 2014 Glasgow Business Awards, organised by the city's Chamber of Commerce and sponsored by Bank of Scotland.At the black-tie Hilton Glasgow event the prize-giving began with the award for Creative Marketing, which went to Glasgow City Marketing Bureau and was presented to Gordon Matheson, leader of the city council.It ended with print-industry veteran John Watson OBE receiving the Chamber lifetime achievement award.&quot;It genuinely means a huge amount to me after 50 years at the coal-face,&quot; said John.The Chamber had been live-tweeting the awards under the hashtag GBAs, and when it came to this particular one it said: &quot;John's business has built and secured 80 jobs in printing in Glasgow, and he has raised millions for Marie Curie. A true Glasgow hero.&quot;In between the presentations. compere Fred MacAulay kept the audience highly entertained.Stella Litchfield, Head of Development at National Theatre Scotland, tweeted: &quot;Big crush on brilliant cheeky @fredmacaulay - ace master of ceremonies!&quot;Sam Amdjadi, owner and managing director of liGO Ltd, a seller of high-end telephony devices to consumers and businesses, was awarded the title of Young Business Person of the Year.Sam, who started liGO 10 years ago at the age of 23, said: &quot;I'm obviously delighted. It's amazing to be recognised.&quot;We have big ambitions to grow the business over the next two years.&quot;It's growing 20% year on year, and this year is going to be our biggest yet.&quot;We've got massive challenges. We want to grow across Europe.&quot;We've just moved into Germany; next it's France and Italy, so it's an exciting couple of years ahead for us. A lot of sleepless nights, but we're looking forward to it.&quot;Amanda McMillan, managing director of Glasgow Airport, said: &quot;To have secured the Excellence in Customer Service Award is a tremendous honour.&quot;It caps what has been a remarkable year. Not only did we enjoy our busiest summer in six years, we helped welcome thousands of athletes and visitors who descended on Glasgow for the Commonwealth Games.&quot;For many, Glasgow Airport is their first and last impression of Scotland and we're acutely aware of the role we play in creating the right image for the airport and perhaps more importantly, for the city.&quot;Gordon Matheson said: &quot;2014 is the year of Glasgow. We've been on the front of the world stage.&quot;The atmosphere tonight has rerally reflected that. The confidence of the city is reflected in these awards. Glasgow's economy is thriving, and the sense of confidence has shone through.Chamber president Vic Emery said he was &quot;massively impressed&quot; by the size of the audienceThere was one last live tweet from the Chamber: &quot;And that's us! #GBAs over. This evening had been a true credit to the nominees, winners and all business across our city. Thank you!&quot;The formal part of the night was over, but the Hilton bars remained open until 1am - time for networking and, for the winners, time for another bottle champagne.