Two goals in three minutes gave Kilmarnock a deserved win that ended the six-game unbeaten run of Scottish Premiership leaders Dundee United.    Obadeyi 63′  Connolly 65′  
 Two goals in three minutes gave Kilmarnock a deserved win that ended the six-game unbeaten run of Scottish Premiership leaders Dundee United. 
 The Ayrshire side had the better of the first half against lacklustre visitors, who started - and finished - the night two points clear of Hamilton. 
 But Kilmarnock had to wait until the 63rd minute for the opener, Alexei Eremenko setting up Tope Obadeyi. 
 That clever finish was followed by a more conventional Mark Connolly header. 
 United failed to threaten a comeback that would have extended their winning run over Kilmarnock, who move above Inverness and reigning champions Celtic into third spot, to six games. 
 Visiting manager Jackie McNamara had said this week that, while he hoped his side could provide a challenge at the top, it was too early to label them as potential title contenders. 
 His caution was justified as the Terrors struggled to come to terms with lively opponents looking much more comfortable on the artificial surface installed this summer. 
 Following his fine performance against Partick Thistle, Finnish playmaker Eremenko was the architect again as Kilmarnock whipped the ball around a rain-soaked pitch. 
 United struggled to cope and Josh Magennis forced one near-post save from Radoslaw Cierzniak, before the Polish goalkeeper palmed a downward header clear. 
 A volley from Eremenko flew wide and another by Obadeyi should have hit the target rather than flying over from eight yards. 
 It took United 25 minutes to threaten, when Nadir Ciftci headed wide, but they began to impress themselves in the exchanges that followed. 
 Stuart Armstong had an effort blocked by Craig Samson at point-blank range. And, although the United man appeared to come off worse as the two collided, it was the home goalkeeper who had to be replaced at half-time with a suspected fractured toe. 
 But before the half ended, the visitors had a lucky break when Magennis outmuscled Callum Morris to reach Eremenko's ball over the top and the forward's chip over the advancing Cierzniak bounced in front of the unguarded goal but kissed the top of the bar. 
 Kilmarnock faded after the restart but United were unable to test Conor Brennan, the Northern Ireland Under-21 goalkeeper making his debut from the bench after leaving Leicester City in the summer. 
 However, the home side burst back into life when Eremenko flipped the ball neatly over Jaroslaw Fojut's sliding challenge and curled a low cross into the path of Obadeyi, who nutmegged his marker before jabbing past Cierzniak. 
 It was Eremenko who also supplied the delivery for the second, Connolly holding off Fojut to head home the Finn's corner. 
 United substitute Gary Mackay-Steven sent one effort over while Chris Erskine had a shot beaten away by Brennan. 
 However, it was Kilmarnock who came closest to adding to the scoring with Robbie Muirhead's wicked drive being turned over by Cierzniak. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Kilmarnock 2, Dundee United 0. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Kilmarnock 2, Dundee United 0. 
  Booking  Mark Connolly (Kilmarnock) is shown the yellow card. 
 Ryan Dow (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Mark Connolly (Kilmarnock). 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Callum Morris. 
 Foul by Chris Chantler (Kilmarnock). 
 Chris Erskine (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Sammy Clingan (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Gary Mackay-Steven (Dundee United). 
  Booking  Gary Mackay-Steven (Dundee United) is shown the yellow card. 
 Tope Obadeyi (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Gary Mackay-Steven (Dundee United). 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Radoslaw Cierzniak. 
 Attempt saved. Robbie Muirhead (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Dundee United. Conceded by Jamie Hamill. 
 Attempt missed. Chris Johnston (Kilmarnock) left footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
  Booking  Ola Adeyemo (Dundee United) is shown the yellow card. 
 Mark Connolly (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ola Adeyemo (Dundee United). 
 Foul by Robbie Muirhead (Kilmarnock). 
 Gary Mackay-Steven (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Robbie Muirhead (Kilmarnock). 
 Callum Morris (Dundee United) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Kilmarnock. Robbie Muirhead replaces Alexei Eremenko. 
 Attempt missed. John Rankin (Dundee United) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner. 
 Foul by Ross Barbour (Kilmarnock). 
 Gary Mackay-Steven (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Chris Erskine (Dundee United) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dundee United. Ola Adeyemo replaces Nadir Ciftci. 
 Attempt missed. Gary Mackay-Steven (Dundee United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Foul by Jamie Hamill (Kilmarnock). 
 Chris Erskine (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Booking  Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) is shown the yellow card. 
  Goal!  Goal! Kilmarnock 2, Dundee United 0. Mark Connolly (Kilmarnock) header from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Alexei Eremenko. 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Callum Morris. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dundee United. Gary Mackay-Steven replaces Stuart Armstrong. 
  Goal!  Goal! Kilmarnock 1, Dundee United 0. Tope Obadeyi (Kilmarnock) left footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Alexei Eremenko. 
 Attempt missed. Mark Connolly (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Paul Paton (Dundee United). 
 Attempt missed. Nadir Ciftci (Dundee United) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Foul by Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock). 
 Jaroslaw Fojut (Dundee United) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock). 
 Callum Morris (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Paul Paton (Dundee United) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
   Second Half begins Kilmarnock 0, Dundee United 0. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Kilmarnock. Conor Brennan replaces Craig Samson because of an injury. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Kilmarnock 0, Dundee United 0. 
 Tope Obadeyi (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Paul Paton (Dundee United). 
 Attempt saved. Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Paul Paton (Dundee United). 
  Booking  Ross Barbour (Kilmarnock) is shown the yellow card. 
 Nadir Ciftci (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ross Barbour (Kilmarnock). 
 Attempt missed. Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from long range on the left is just a bit too high. 
 Attempt missed. Callum Morris (Dundee United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. 
 Corner, Dundee United. Conceded by Ross Barbour. 
 Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock) hits the bar with a right footed shot from outside the box. 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Sean Dillon. 
 Attempt saved. Stuart Armstrong (Dundee United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt blocked. John Rankin (Dundee United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Attempt missed. Nadir Ciftci (Dundee United) header from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Jaroslaw Fojut. 
 Foul by Chris Johnston (Kilmarnock). 
 Stuart Armstrong (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Manuel Pascali (Kilmarnock). 
 John Rankin (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Radoslaw Cierzniak. 
 Chris Johnston (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Stuart Armstrong (Dundee United). 
 Attempt missed. Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right from a direct free kick. 
 Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by John Rankin (Dundee United). 
 Attempt blocked. Paul Paton (Dundee United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Attempt missed. Tope Obadeyi (Kilmarnock) left footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Callum Morris. 
 Attempt blocked. Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. 
 Attempt missed. Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Sammy Clingan (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Tope Obadeyi (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Callum Morris (Dundee United). 
 Attempt saved. Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt saved. Stuart Armstrong (Dundee United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Manuel Pascali (Kilmarnock). 
 Nadir Ciftci (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Nadir Ciftci (Dundee United). 
 Chris Chantler (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Manuel Pascali (Kilmarnock). 
 Nadir Ciftci (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Chris Johnston (Kilmarnock). 
 Ryan Dow (Dundee United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers