Tom Ryder makes his first Glasgow Warriors start since February as coach Gregor Townsend continues his rotation policy against bottom-placed Treviso. Pro12: Benetton Treviso v Glasgow Warriors Venue: Stadio Monigo, Treviso Date: Sunday, 5 October Kick-off: 14:00 BST
Coverage: Live on BBC Two Scotland and BBC Sport website; live score updates on the BBC Sport website
 Tom Ryder makes his first Glasgow Warriors start since February as coach Gregor Townsend continues his rotation policy against bottom-placed Treviso. 
 The lock returned from injury to appear as a replacement in last week's 39-21 win over Connacht and is one of nine changes from that starting line-up. 
 Scrum-half Alberto Lucchese could make his debut for Treviso after returning to his hometown club in the summer. 
 The 28-year-old is on the Treviso bench after three years with Mogliano. 
&quot;We're expecting a big challenge in Treviso on Sunday afternoon and our defence will have to be at its best&quot;
 Glasgow, who sit second top of the Pro12 table on the same points as leaders Ospreys after four straight wins, could give debuts to two Scotland Under-20 internationals from the bench. 
 Zander Fagerson, an 18-year-old tight-head prop, and 21-year-old scrum-half Ali Price are named on the replacements' bench. 
 Townsend said: &quot;Zander's selection comes off the back of the way he's trained with us and played for Glasgow Hawks. 
 &quot;Ali has recovered well from his knee injury, which he had last season, and has been in cracking form for Stirling County. 
 &quot;Both players also played very well in the recent 'A' fixture against Edinburgh.&quot; 
 Hooker Pat MacArthur retains his place at Stadio Monigo on Sunday to make his 100th Warriors appearance, while Alex Allan and Rossouw de Klerk come in to partner him in the front row in place of Gordon Reid and Euan Murray. 
 Ryder replaces Tim Swinson, while James Eddie comes in for Rob Harley at blind-side flanker, Tyrone Holmes is recalled after suspension at open-side and Josh Strauss returns from injury at number eight, with Chris Fusaro and Adam Ashe dropping out. 
 Sean Lamont moves from the right wing to outside centre, with Tommy Seymour coming into the starting XV in place of Mark Bennett. 
 Peter Horne comes in at inside centre in place of James Downey, while Niko Matawalu returns from injury at scrum-half in place of Henry Pyrgos. 
 Treviso coach Umberto Casellato has introduced Matteo Muccignat into the front row in place of Matteo Zanusso following Sunday's 33-15 defeat by Newport Gwent Dragons in Wales. 
 In the backs, Angelo Esposito and Edoardo Gori come in for Andrea Pratichetti and James Ambrosini. 
 Treviso have yet to win a point from the opening four games of the season, but Townsend warned: &quot;We're expecting a big challenge in Treviso on Sunday afternoon and our defence will have to be at its best. 
 &quot;We've worked hard on this area in training and the players have tackled well this week.&quot; 
  Benetton Treviso:  Jayden Hayward, Angelo Esposito, Michele Campagnaro, Luca Morisi, Ludovico Nitoglia, Joe Carlisle, Edoardo Gori, Mat Luamanu, Marco Lazzaroni, Simone Favaro, Marco Fuser, Antonio Pavanello (captain), Rupert Harden, Davide Giazzon, Matteo Muccignat.  Replacements:  Giovanni Maistri, Matteo Zanusso, Romulo Acosta, Francesco Minto, Leo Auva'a, Marco Barbini, Sam Christie, Alberto Lucchese. 
  Glasgow Warriors:  Stuart Hogg, Tommy Seymour, Sean Lamont, Peter Horne, DTH van der Merwe, Duncan Weir, Niko Matawalu, Alex Allan, Pat MacArthur, Rossouw de Klerk, Tom Ryder, Al Kellock (captain), James Eddie, Tyrone Holmes, Josh Strauss.  Replacements:  Fraser Brown, Jerry Yanuyanutawa, Zander Fagerson, Leone Nakarawa, Chris Fusaro, Ali Price, Finn Russell, James Downey. 
  Referee:  Gary Conway (Ireland).