RECORD breakers and gold medalists were joined by thousands of runners of all abilities to take part in the Super Saturday event before tomorrow's 10K and half-marathon. Great Scottish run: 3,000 young runners race through Super Saturday in Scotland's biggest sporting event for kids Great Scottish run: 3,000 young runners race through Super Saturday in Scotland's biggest sporting event for kids - Daily Record THOUSANDS of children and families were joined by a a record breaking runner and stars of the Commonwealth Games on the opening day of the Great Scottish Run in Glasgow.
More than 3,000 young runners took part in Super Saturday - Scotland’s biggest mass participation sporting event for kids.
Children aged nine to 15 took part in the 2.5K Junior Run, started by record-breaking Ethiopian long-distance runner Haile Gebrselassie and Commonwealth Games gold and bronze medal-winning swimmer Ross Murdoch.
 

Young club runners attended the event from around Scotland, with Lily Evans-Haggerty winning the top spot for junior girls (ages 9-11),&nbsp; Ethan McGlen took the honour of winning the junior boys top spot (9-11), while Laura Stark and Jamie MacKinnon both won the junior girls and boys (12-15) respectively in today’s event.
&nbsp;
Kyle Brotherton won the junior wheelchair event, after also taking the top place in last month's Great North Run.
Commonwealth Games marathon winner Michael Shelley and swimming gold-medalist Ross Murdoch started off the family mile, while London 2012 Olympic marathon winner Tiki Gelana and two-time World Champion Marathon runner Edna Kiplagat stared the Toddler Dash
Andy Mitchelmore from Nova International, organisers of the Bank of Scotland Great Scottish Run, said: &quot;Super Saturday gives younger runners the chance to be part of Scotland's biggest running event. To have over 3,000 run with us today is fantastic.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 

&quot;The square was absolutely buzzing and I'm sure seeing elite athletes like Haile Gebrselassie , Michael Shelley, Tiki Gelana and Edna Kiplagat will have inspired the children to continue running and hopefully follow on to the 10k and Half Marathon events in years to come. Who knows, maybe we have seen a mini Haile in the making.&quot;
Robin Bulloch, managing director, Bank of Scotland Community Bank, said: &quot;Numbers of participants in today's junior and family events have again exceeded expectations and it has been a fantastic sight in George Square. We are proud to be involved in this, our fifth Great Scottish Run weekend, and today's races have once again proven this is an event for all ages and abilities.&quot;
Tomorrow's&nbsp; Great Scottish Run main event will welcome nearly 25,000 runners of all abilities to take part in the 10k and Half Marathon events . The event will be broadcast live on BBC 2 from 10.30am.