RECORD VIEW applauds the bravery of Carol-Anne Napier in waiving her right to anonymity after months of sickening sexual and physical attacks at the hands of sex beast Robert Dewar. Record View: Bravery of Carol-Anne Napier waiving anonymity should give strength to other rape victims coming forward - Record View - Daily Record CAROL-Anne Napier may be the bravest woman in Scotland.
The mum of four waived her anonymity to open up about the abuse she suffered at the hands of sex beast Robert Dewar.
Her story of months of repeated rapes, beatings, humiliation and degradation will horrify ever reader.
And, equally, her courage in coming forward to encourage other rape victims to seek help will be an inspiration to thousands.
Carol-Anne, from Lochgelly in Fife, feels guilty that she did not come forward sooner.
She is worried she could have prevented some of Dewar’s later victims being attacked. But she has nothing to feel guilty about.
There is only one person responsible for Dewar’s sickening crimes – Dewar.
The systematic abuse and rape he subjected Carol-Anne to is unimaginable.
She should be extremely proud that she has found the strength to speak out to give victims hope and to warn rapists that they will not be allowed to act with impunity.
Times have changed and the police and the courts have progressed in dealing with sex assault victims. But there is still work to do.
Only 17 per cent of women who go to Rape Crisis report the attack to police.
Women across Scotland can take confidence from Carol-Anne’s story that if they find themselves in a similar situation, they can contact the authorities and get help.
That is the only way to ensure vile scum like Dewar are locked up.
GEORGE Ferrier showed the true spirit of Scotland when he took on axe-wielding robbers.
He disregarded his own safety when he tackled the Arygll Arcade jewel heist gang.
Even after the thugs beat security guard George to the ground, he got back on his feet, replaced his top hat and got on with the job of keeping shoppers safe.
He showed that there are still brave people out there who put others before themselves.
It is people like George who strike fear into those who would harm us.
The criminals want us scared, alone, unable to respond. Walking on by. Looking the other way. Ignoring those in need. That is how evil prospers.
In these troubled times, it is people like George who restore our faith in human nature.
The Daily Record salutes you.
IT looks like winter is here after the summer that refused to end.
Rain and wind is set to sweep the country today, bringing a chilly feel.
So if you need a bit of cheering up, come along to cheer on those taking part in the Great Scottish Run tomorrow in Glasgow.
Runners raising millions for worthy causes will bring a bit of sunshine into your life.