ETHIOPIAN legend Haile Gebrselassie will join more than 30,000 runners of all abilities for a weekend of running, culminating in the 10K and half-marathon on Sunday morning. Great Scottish Run rounds off greatest sporting year in Scotland's history with race for runners of all abilities - Daily Record IT’S been the biggest sporting year in Scotland’s history.
And the excitement isn’t over as the biggest names in distance running arrive for the Bank of Scotland Great Scottish Run.
Ethiopian legend Haile &shy;Gebrselassie returns to Glasgow today to join more than 30,000 runners taking part in a weekend festival of running, culminating in the 10K and half-marathon tomorrow morning.
The 41-year-old double Olympic champion will join a field of fancy dress enthusiasts, fundraisers and competitive sportsmen and women.
The Daily Record and Sunday Mail will again be at the heart of the action, with special events and attractions at the line for the brave finishers, as well as a day of fun activities at our offices on the course.
The Bank of Scotland Great Scottish Run is the country’s biggest mass participation running event.
A line-up of athletes of all ages and abilities will leave George Square in the half-marathon at 11am on Sunday, heading across the Clyde over the Kingston Bridge, through &shy;Bellahouston and Pollok parks then back to the city centre across the Clyde Arc “squinty bridge”, past the Record offices and, after 13.1 miles, towards the finish at Glasgow Green.
The 10k takes in a modified version of the same route, leaving George Square at 9.30am.
The star attraction of the event, sponsored by Bank of Scotland, Daily Record and Sunday Mail , Puma, Clyde 1 FM, Virgin Trains, Lucozade Sport and Strathmore Water, will be Gebrselassie, widely regarded as one of the best distance runners ever to grace the sport.
 

He won last year’s race in 61 minutes and 9 seconds, the fastest time ever in Scotland for a half-marathon and a world age-group record.
He said: “I have fantastic &shy;memories of my first race in &shy;Scotland and I am delighted to be coming back.
“It’s a great race with a great atmosphere and the &shy;organisation is superb.”
Other elite athletes include Commonwealth silver medallist Stephen Chemlany, from Kenya, and Team Scotland’s Hayley Hennings, Joasia &shy;Zakrzewski Susan Partridge – who won the women’s race last year.
Commonwealth gold medallist Michael Shelley and London 2012 marathon gold medallist Tiki Gelana will also be running, as will Kenyan London marathon winner Edna Kiplagat.
Scots comedian, presenter and Record columnist Des Clarke will host the Sunday Mail’s &shy;Motivational Mile, on Broomielaw next to our offices.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Commonwealth champion Michael Shelley&nbsp; is aiming for dream double ahead of the event in Glasgow 
Des, who hosted the Commonwealth Games closing ceremony in August and the Ryder Cup Gala concert last month, said: “I’ll be there from the race starting off and my job is to help everyone over the line near the end.
“We’ll have music and a great celebration of everyone in good spirits and make sure we’ll have the people of Glasgow lining the streets to cheer for them.
“All week I’ve been practising my high fives – last year, it was amazing how many people came up for a high five, and I tell you what, they speed up for it. I think I’m responsible for a few personal bests.
“I’m also the reason Haile Gebrselassie is back again because in the final stretch, he was gonna come over for a high five but unfortunately he missed it – he just wasn’t fast enough for me.”
*For more information, check out www.greatscottishrun.com and follow all the action at www.dailyrecord.co.uk
&nbsp;
&nbsp;