THIS newly-launched restaurant in the southside of Glasgow offers authentic Italian dishes at friendly prices. Gary Ralston's restaurant review: Michaelangelo's, 9 Helena Place, Busby Road, Clarkston - Daily Record IT was a restaurant referendum always destined to end with a yes vote. When Roma Mia in Pollokshields closed its doors last year, it left a big hole in the dining scene of the southside of Glasgow.
Apparently, there was a dispute with the landlord – he had only ever rented the place out as a two-bedroom flat.
Seriously, Roma Mia had earned its reputation for culinary excellence over 15 years and a loyal army of diners held its collective breath for a reinvention elsewhere in the city.
Father and son team Massimo and Michael Onorati weighed up their options and decided to strike out together again after finding new premises at Clarkston Toll.
Judging by our recent lunchtime experience, the restaurant is already thriving, despite being opened less than a month.
A point of interest – it’s named Michaelangelo’s because it’s Michael’s full Christian name, not&nbsp;in honour of the famous Italian sculptor Michelangelo, creator of the fabled artwork at the&nbsp;Sistine Chapel.
That didn’t half come as a relief to the guy who was hired to Artex the ceiling.
My big pal Tam, a Tartan Army stalwart and passionate advocate for independence, needed cheering after September 18 as not even the signed picture of Nicola Sturgeon on his bedroom wall is helping him through.
However, the menu at Michaelangelo’s certainly raised a smile – not to mention the budget-friendly prices.
A three-course lunch will set you back only &pound;9.95, with the pre-theatre deal at &pound;10.95. Those impressive financial figures could not be manipulated anything but positively by spin doctors of all political hues.
Inevitably, so early in its rebirth, there are still challenges for Michaelangelo’s to overcome, but if it’s accepting a queue, it’s open to review.
The interior, after an extensive refit, is smart and contemporary and over time the smell of new paint and sanded wood will give way to the aroma of freshly baked bread and bubbling pasta sauces.
Likewise, the magnolia walls could do with a splash of colour, a picture here and there to liven up a dining room that, understandably, is still carrying the look of a show home.
The service was also a little disjointed – it seemed, in part, due to the kitchen being overwhelmed by orders after a steady stream of lunchtime arrivals.
It left us on the brink of shifting uncomfortably in our&nbsp;seats over the length of the&nbsp;gap between starters and main courses but the food arrived just as we were considering raising a finger to&nbsp;make the point.
Michaelangelo’s may take another couple of weeks to find its servicing stride but they have already hit the ground running in terms of the quality of the food.
Fresh, simple ingredients are key – homemade meatballs, potato dumplings, ravioli, pizzas, risottos. There is an impressive selection of meat and fish dishes, although not so many to suggest the chef is on first name terms with his deep freezer.
Tam and I chopped and changed between the lunchtime and a la carte menus – better together, I suggested, which only brought&nbsp;a scoff, although his demeanour quickly improved&nbsp;with the arrival of the minestrone soup.
It was piping hot and packed with colour and flavour, with slices of rustic Italian bread to help mop up the thick vegetable broth.
 

My antipasto Italiano came on a wooden serving board and was laden with cured meats, buffalo mozzarella, olives and grilled vegetables and was bursting with taste and smashing value as part of the lunchtime deal.
The wait for the main courses was worth it as Tam went for the Marcuccio calzoni, named in honour of Michael’s brother (his sister Penne is also well represented on the menu). The calzoni was the size of a hotel pillow, with the dough crispy on top and the perfect chewy texture round the edges and, when punctured, it released a mouthwatering aromatic cloud of Italian meats and cheese.
My seafood salad was also top notch – simply cooked and presented, packed with the flavours of plump prawns and mussels atop a bed of lettuce with chunks of smoked mackerel and calamari.
The lunchtime crowd thinning, we held on for a couple of coffees and chewed the cud over our vision of Scotland in another decade’s time.
Socialist or SNP, independent or still in bed with the rest of the UK, who can tell?
However, at Michaelangelo’s, you can bet the teething issues and whiff of paint will have long since been replaced by the sweet smell of success.
Last week, Gary visited Locanda De Gusti, which impressed him with the cuisine and the service. 
* Got a restaurant you want me to review? Email g.ralston@dailyrecord.co.uk