RICHARD Smith, a consultant gynaecological surgeon at Queen Charlotte's Hospital in London, is preparing to carry out the womb transplant operation next year. Scots doctor set to make history by performing Britain's first ever womb transplant for infertile women - Daily Record A SCOTS doctor yesterday revealed he will perform Britain’s first womb transplant for infertile women next year.
The move follows revelations on Friday that a boy was born in Gothenberg, Sweden, after the world’s first successful transplant.
Richard Smith, a consultant gynaecological surgeon at Queen Charlotte’s Hospital in London, says he is now preparing to do a similar operation here next year.
The procedure will be funded by the Womb Transplant UK charity.
Sixty women in Britain are on a waiting list for the operation.
Last month’s birth in Sweden was only revealed by doctors on Friday night.
Both the baby and his 36-year-old mother are in good health.
Smith, who comes from Glasgow, said the revolutionary surgery could become as popular as surrogacy among infertile women.
Talking of the Swedish birth, he said: “This is brilliant. It looks like everything has gone very well and it’s really wonderful news. What’s happened here is so exciting because the great unknown has been answered.
“We’ve finished all the lab research and pre-transplant human research and we’re almost ready to go.
“The only big issue is we’re short of funds, which we’ve been all the way along.
“We’re submitting applications for ethics approval in the next few weeks with a view to doing human live transplants in the UK next year. We’ve moved from an atmosphere where people were really quite against this procedure to where people are quite supportive.
“We have 60 patients on the waiting list for this procedure.”
Smith also congratulated the Swedish doctors who performed the pioneering operation nine months ago.
He added: “It would reduce the demand for surrogacy. However, there are still plenty of women who’ll prefer to go down that route and avoid major surgery.
“But there are many, many women who would prefer to carry a baby themselves.
“There’s also a bit of a legal minefield around surrogacy and to avoid that and have their own baby is incredibly important for some women.”
Doctors in Gothenberg used the wombs of six women for the transplant.
The baby boy was born in perfect health, despite being two months premature.
His mum was born without a womb. She carried her baby in the womb of a 61-year-old woman. The baby, whose arrival has remained secret until now, was born by Caesarean section.
Project leader professor Mats Brannstrom, of Gothenburg University, said: “The baby screamed right away and has not required any care other than normal clinical observation at the neonatal unit. He weighed just under 4lb and although this may seem small, it’s normal for a baby so premature.”
The world’s first womb transplant was in Saudi Arabia in 2000 but the woman’s body rejected it after four months.