PETER Moore is facing life in prison for fatally stabbing his younger brother Derek in a fight at their mum's house in January - but in an exclusive interview April says can't bring herself to hate her vicious murderer son. I won't desert son who killed his own brother: Grief-stricken mum opens her heart on horror night her family was torn apart - Daily Record A HEARTBROKEN mother has told how her family was torn apart when her son murdered his brother – but insisted she won’t abandon the killer.
Peter Moore is facing life in jail after fatally stabbing his younger sibling Derek during a vicious fight.
Yesterday, their mum April broke her silence about the night her world came crashing down.
She said she will never forgive Peter but can’t bring herself to hate him.
In an exclusive interview with the Daily Record, the 55-year-old said: “I will forever miss my son Derek and it will take me a long time to even speak to Peter again.
“This has torn our family apart and broken my heart. But I am his mother and I will not desert him.”
Peter, 28, and Derek, 26, were at their mum’s home in Govan, Glasgow , when the violent row broke out.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
April was staying at a friend’s house on the fateful night of January 3 and the first she knew about it was when she received a frantic call.
She said: “I’d recently moved into a new flat and my five kids had come to stay for a big family Christmas.
“After the most amazing few days together, I went to stay over with a friend and left Peter and Derek in my house with Peter’s kids.
“I got a text from Peter’s girlfriend Ashley early in the evening saying that the kids were tucked up and everyone was heading off to bed.
“But then at 1.40am, I had a call from my friend screaming down the phone, telling me to get home quickly as Peter and Derek were fighting.
“My blood ran cold and I jumped in my car and got to the house as quickly as I could.
“I didn’t have a clue what they would be fighting over – everyone had got on so well over Christmas and New Year.”
 

As April raced to the scene, Derek had already lost his fight for life.
He had been stabbed four times by his brother and suffered 75 injuries.
A court heard the fatal wound, which caused massive internal bleeding, was to Derek’s abdomen.
April was joined outside her upper tenement flat by Peter’s partner Ashley Picken, 24, who had taken her children to a family friend’s house nearby after she was woken up by the row.
April said: “As I looked up, I saw Peter standing at my living room window.
 “Ashley raced upstairs to see if he was OK. But when she came out again, she was white and said, ‘I’m sorry, April, I can’t find a pulse on Derek, he’s dead.’ I just stood there, I couldn’t go up and with those words my heart just shattered into pieces. 
“When Ashley said the word ‘dead’, my knees went from under me.”
 

After police arrived, April watched in shock as officers led Peter away in handcuffs, charged with his brother’s murder.
And the brutal way in which he killed Derek just added to her horror.
Breaking down in tears, April revealed to the Record that Derek’s throat had been slit and that he had been knifed in the eye, fracturing his eye socket.
His body was then dragged out of her home and down a set of stairs to the landing.
April said: “I knew Peter had a bad temper but I never imagined he was capable of something like this.
“Everything was a blur but the police arrived and then an ambulance.
“At one point, my grandson turned to me and said, ‘Nana, uncle Derek is in heaven. Daddy killed uncle Derek.
“I had to go and identify Derek’s body and his handsome face was covered in little cuts.
“Then I saw his throat had been slit and there was a deep wound from the knife to his eye that had fractured his eye socket – and the brutality of that shocked me even more.
“When I got back into my house, there were bloody drag marks, where Peter had moved Derek’s body out to the landing.
“He had been in bed, so was only wearing boxers, and I couldn’t get the image of him lying in the cold on a January night out there alone.
“The whole thing was surreal. I was devastated but I couldn’t get my head around the fact that Derek was gone because of Peter.”
 Dad-of-two Peter, from Bonhill, Dunbartonshire, denied murdering his brother and claimed dad-of-one Derek had started the fight. 
During the trial at the High Court in Glasgow, jurors heard that on a previous occasion Derek had broken his brother’s jaw.
Ashley told the court how she was woken up by the sound of the brothers arguing and fighting.
She told prosecutor Paul Kearney: “I looked out into the hallway and I saw Peter standing over Derek with a knife in his hand hitting Derek.
“He was hitting Derek in the legs and the side of his body with the knife.
“Derek was lying down on the floor on his back.”
Peter didn’t give evidence during the trial.
But at an earlier police interview, he told detectives: “When we fight, we fight for hours.
“I can’t remember arguing with him. He’s pure evil when he’s been drinking. He started it.”
But the jury rejected his claims and last month he was found guilty of murder.
April, who is also mum to David, 33, Pauline, 31, and Mark, 26, said: “Before the trial, I begged Peter to plead guilty, because I knew he had done it.
“But because he didn’t, I had to hear all sorts of things in court that I didn’t know – especially his previous convictions.”
She added: “When they were young, they would fight like normal boys. But as they got older they would still physically fight.
“They fought growing up, like all boys did, but they were also the best of pals.
“They were close; they were very alike. They just couldn’t drink together – and that is what happened that night.
“I think it was the cocktail of alcohol and drugs that I later found out Peter had taken that sent him over the edge and I think he must have just lost it.
“No one has any idea what they were arguing over. No one can imagine what happened to lead to that.”
Judge Lady Wolffe will sentence Moore next month.