HOLLYWOOD actors and star athletes were among the field as thousands took to the streets for the Great Scottish Run in Glasgow on Sunday. Great Scottish Run 2014: Movie stars and Olympians among 30,000 runners to pound streets of Glasgow for good cause - Daily Record MOVIE stars, Olympians and telly favourites were among 30,000 people pounding the streets for this year’s Bank of Scotland Great Scottish Run.
Huge crowds gathered to cheer on the athletes in the 10k and half-marathon races through the streets of Glasgow.
South African Stephen Mokoka was first in the 13-mile main event and was cheered over the line at Glasgow Green, clocking up a time of 61 minutes and 25 seconds.
He said: “I’m really happy about my performance.
“When I left South Africa I was looking for a time of around 61 minutes, so I’m very happy about the outcome.
“It’s my second fastest half-marathon time.”
Kenya’s Edna Kiplagat, 34, won the women’s half-marathon, with a time of 67 minutes 57 seconds.
She said: “It’s one of the best courses I’ve ever run – flat, with small hills.
“I’d like to come back to defend my title next year.”
Scots Hollywood actress Shauna Macdonald, 33, star of Filth and The Descent, and Mr Selfridge actor hubbie Cal MacAninch, 50, were among the famous faces taking part.
Cal said: “It was great, running through Pollok Park reminded me of being back at school in Glasgow in the 70s.
“We used to do cross-country running there, we even managed to come third one year and beat the big muscle-bound boys from all the private schools.”
The couple were joined by Emmerdale star Chris Chittell, 66, who plays Eric Pollard in the soap and took on the morning 10k.
He explained: “I’ve been up for the run a couple of times and it’s always fun.
“It stayed dry for us and we managed to raise some money for Leukaemia And Lymphoma Research, it’s a great cause.”
Former Commonwealth, World and European champion swimmer Alison Sheppard, 41, swapped the pool for the pavement in the big race.
She said: “The support around the route was amazing, they were really getting behind everybody.”
Last year’s half-marathon champion, legendary Kenyan distance runner, Haile Gebrselassie, hoped to take home the title but was forced to drop out through injury.
The 41-year-old was in contention but stepped off the track around three miles in after suffering an asthma attack.
He explained: “I was struggling as bit with my breathing.
“What can you do?”
Veteran runner Tommy Armstrong took on the 10k challenge for Cancer Research.
Dressed as clown, the 73-year-old carried a bucket, which was full of donations by the time he reached the finished line.
He said: “I’ve been doing this every year since 1984.
“I’ve run it as a marathon and a half-marathon, but now I do the 10k because my knees aren’t as good as they used to be.
“I always try and come in last because the extra time lets me collect more money in my bucket.”
The 10k was won by Sean Fontana, of Glasgow’s Victoria Park AAC, in an amazing 31 minutes and three seconds, with the women’s title clinched by Edinburgh Athletic Club’s Laura Dunn in 35 minutes 17 seconds.
The top prize in the wheelchair race was clinched by Simon Lawson, of Carlisle Tri Club, in 23 minutes 39 seconds, while Jade Jones, of New Marske Harriers AC, bagged the top spot in the ladies’ race, in 29 minutes and 10 seconds.
The 10k started at George Square and passed landmarks, including the Hydro and Finnieston Crane, while the half-marathon passed through both Pollok and Bellahouston Park.
Billed as Scotland’s biggest mass participation event, the run also included children’s and family challenges, with more than 3,000 people taking part on Saturday.
APART from the obvious abject pain, I wasn’t sure what to expect from my first Great Scottish Run half marathon.
And while I can report that the experience more than delivered on the agony, I would honestly recommend anyone who feels they could run, jog or hobble their way around the 13 mile course to give it a try.
High on the adrenaline rush of actually competing in a mass spectator event I tore out of the blocks at George Square with thousands of other runners, feeling sure I’d pass defending champion Haile Gebrselassie before reaching the Kingston Bridge.
The two mile, then three mile markers flew by with barely the need to move out of first gear.
By four miles things were beginning to feel a little tougher, but as I banked into Pollok Park to the sound of bagpipes, I felt sure this was just a blip before my second wind kicked in.
At five miles I was gasping for breath, pain shooting through my knees, cramp sending my calfs and thighs into seizure.
By the time I reached Bellahouston Park I had been reduced to a hobbling wreck, and that pretty much continued until I crossed the finish.
The thing about the Great Scottish Run however, is that it is much more a celebration of life than anything particularly to do with running.
To pound through the streets of your home town with thousands of others, many running for charity in honour of dead loved ones, is a special thing.
Every step of the way the people of Glasgow are there for you, lining each mile of the course to cheer and support with everything they have.
Many offered drinks, cereal bars and even jelly babies to competitors who looked like they needed a helping hand.
By the time we reached Glasgow Green I doubt I’d have been able to stagger the final few metres had it not been for the incredible support of the thousands who had turned out on a grey Sunday morning to roar us over the line.
My finish time was way in excess of my two hour target, but the experience was one I will never forget.
I doubt I’m the only runner who felt they learned not just a little bit more about themselves, but also about the generous spirit of the people of Glasgow.