RESTAURATEUR Jock Zonfrillo reveals how his passion for cooking is taking him around the world as part of a show that sees him forage for exotic ingredients. Chef Jock Zonfrillo on his new TV show: Peru was amazing.. we cooked alligator and I got stung by an electric eel - Daily Record WADING knee-deep into the Amazon river in the middle of deepest, darkest Peru, Jock Zonfrillo was desperate to get his hands on the rare delicacy he was hunting.
But even though the local fishermen had promised his gloves would shield him, the massive, writhing electric eel had other ideas.
It leapt out of his grasp and zapped Jock with 60 volts, leaving him temporarily paralysed.
But the Scottish chef and adventurer says the&nbsp;experience was well worth it because his customers had never tasted an entree like it.
The 38-year-old restaurateur’s Amazon trip was one in a series of journeys braving extreme cuisine all over the world for new TV programme Nomad Chef, produced by the Discovery Channel. In the series he gets tips for the pot from tribal cooks in places like Vanuatu in the South Pacific, visits remote corners of Japan and joins isolated communities in Africa and Peru.
Born in Glasgow, Jock grew up in Ayr and landed his first job in the kitchens at Turnberry before working with top chefs in London to earn his spurs.
When he was 18, he spent a year working in Australia and fell in love with the country.
He later returned and established himself as one of the foremost chefs Down Under, starring in MasterChef Australia and opening an acclaimed restaurant in Adelaide focusing on native Australian ingredients.
Jock, who has two daughters Sofia, eight, and Ava, 13, would spend months in the Outback, camping with Aboriginal tribes to learn their culinary ways. He used that experience to create his restaurant Orana and gastro pub Street ADL.
More TV news
 

Those skills brought him to the attention of the Discovery Channel documentary team who knew he was the right man to take on their missions.
And although he was reluctant to devote too much time to TV, Jock said he loved the idea because it fitted in with his own cooking philosophies.
“I first went to Australia because I wanted to try something different.
“There were huge fusion menus with Japanese, Thai and lots of Asian foods and that was very inspiring.
“But I started to wonder what Australian cuisine was. So I started digging and that brought me out on this path.
“I realised I couldn’t make anything unless I understood the people, the culture, the ingredients, the dreaming and the stories that went with it.
“That is when I went out to the bush to just observe and learn about people and their history.
“Us Scots have been through several toils and troubles ourselves and I don’t carry the baggage of first settlers, I’m coming at it as a passionate Scotsman who wants to learn from them.”
Braving the notoriously hostile Australian wilderness, he picked up ingredients, techniques and styles that he later developed into his popular restaurant Orana, serving up dishes such as fermented grey mangrove seeds and marron lobster tails.
His efforts had not gone unnoticed. While he had never wanted to go down the TV chef route, preferring to stick with his mission to celebrate native ingredients, he did appear on MasterChef Australia.
And he was the man the Discovery team had in mind to front their new series that combined adventure travelogue and cookery, Nomad Chef.
Jock explained: “We go out and learn from a community and bring things back to the restaurant to see what we can do with them. It’s gone down really well.”
The first port of call was the tiny island of Vanuatu, where the women are topless and the only clothing men wear is a horn sheath.
They cook food using volcanic rocks and unearthed amazing fish and local produce. Jock said he was an awed spectator.
“None of it was set up, it was very documentary-style. You’re thrown into the deep end and you just have to deal with it. We maintain a huge amount of&nbsp;integrity – it’s not like dressing someone up like some bull TV programme where they make the host wear something daft to patronise these people.
“We go in there and we don’t patronise them or make fun of them, we just get on with it.”
His journeys also took Jock to extremes in Europe, Asia, Africa and South America.
“I loved the Faroe Islands, that was incredible. It was like Scotland and they made me feel at home.
“The landscape was phenomenal and the produce is incredible, like their wonderful langoustines and cod.
“The Peruvian Amazon was amazing. We cooked alligator and I got stung by an electric eel.
“It’s got 60 volts – that can kill you. They gave me rubber gloves and said I’d be fine, so we set the bait and caught it.
“It was massive and really thick, so I’m picking it up by the gullet and it just zapped me. My arm was numb for&nbsp;hours.
“Everywhere we went was dangerous to some degree. We were in Ethiopia for Christmas and they all chip in to buy a cow and stand around eating it raw. The whole thing. The stomach, the gullet, the hump off its back – the lot.
“It’s their Christmas day so you can’t be rude. I got really sick after that. But anything I am given I will eat.”
With the new series launching around the world next week, Jock knows his profile is about to jump.
No lover of TV fame, he jokes about having his face pixelated for the series but admits he has found the perfect series for his approach to cookery.
“We’re talking about season two if it goes well and if we make sure that we continue with the integrity and the locations are right and it’s something people are interested in.
“I’d no idea I would end up here. Even if you asked me 15 years ago when I first moved to Australia, I’d never have thought I’d follow the path to all of these places around the world and a television show like this.
“But there’s never a dull moment, it’s been some journey.”
 ■ Nomad Chef is on Monday, October 13, Quest Channel, 9pm.