Ayrshire entrepreneur Tom Hunter gives advice to Ayrshire school kids Sir Tom inspires future business leaders - Daily Record “Never take no for an answer - and believe in yourself.”
Those were two pieces of advice from philanthropist Sir Tom Hunter for a group of budding entrepreneurs from secondary schools across East Ayrshire at the Entrepreneurial Spark and East Ayrshire Academies Showcase at the West Coast Hatchery, in Dundonald last week.
Opening the event, Sir Tom highlighted the important role business plays in everyday life. He told the pupils: “Small businesses are the future of our economy and you are the entrepreneurs of the future.
“By participating in this schools’ business challenge you have demonstrated that you have the talent, the self belief and the right attitude to succeed. Schools in East Ayrshire are ahead of the game in terms of encouraging and nurturing young entrepreneurs with fantastic business ideas.”
The event gave the pupils a unique opportunity to learn from Sir Tom’s own experiences and to hear from some of the fledgling businesses currently in residence at the Hatchery, and follows the recent Sir Tom Hunter Challenge in June when Doon Academy scooped first prize with their Monsieur Soleil language board game.
Guest speaker was Josh Littlejohn, founder of the Social Bite caf&eacute; in Edinburgh, who impressed the young folk with his story; aged just 28, he established a sandwich business with four different outlets in Edinburgh and Glasgow, donating all profits to supporting the homeless and other good causes in Scotland, Bangladesh and Malawi.
Three successful Espark ‘chiclets’ shared details of their own entrepreneurial journeys with the youngsters; Alexa Scott, from online wedding deals company I DoLicious, Lloyd Allum, from NuWave Engineering and Lorraine McRoberts from children’s fashion business Bairnz Boutique.
Then it was the turn of the teams from three East Ayrshire schools, Auchinleck Academy, James Hamilton Academy and Doon Academy, to pitch their ideas to Sir Tom Hunter and assembled guests, including Marie Macklin from the Klin Group, Heather Dunk from Ayr College and Willie Mackie from the local chamber of commerce.
E-Spark chief executive Jim Duffy provided feedback on all the pupils’ presentations, praising them for their creativity and confidence.
Fiona Lees, chief executive of East Ayrshire Council, said: “It is inspiring to see how the young people have developed their ideas since the Challenge event in June
“Sir Tom has generously offered the services of his team at the Hatchery to help the school companies protect and develop their ideas, which have all the hallmarks of success.”