Albion Rovers progressed to the third round of the Scottish Cup with a comfortable win over Stirling University.    Geddes 14′  
  McKenzie 6′  Young 23′  Donnelly 61′  Chaplain 77′  
 Albion Rovers progressed to the third round of the Scottish Cup with a comfortable win over Stirling University. 
 Marc McKenzie's close-range shot put the Scottish League Two side ahead. 
 The hosts, whose manager Shelley Kerr became the first female to lead out a team in the Cup's 141-year history, levelled through Chris Geddes' strike. 
 Darren Young before half-time and Ciaran Donnelly and Scott Chaplain after the break secured Rovers' win. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Stirling University 1, Albion Rovers 4. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Stirling University 1, Albion Rovers 4. 
 Gary Crooks (Stirling University) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ciaran Donnelly (Albion Rovers). 
 John Gemmell (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Creag Robertson (Stirling University). 
 Foul by Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers). 
 Tomos Jones (Stirling University) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 John Gemmell (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Tomos Jones (Stirling University). 
 Foul by Darren Young (Albion Rovers). 
 George Leigh (Stirling University) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Attempt missed. Tomos Jones (Stirling University) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Owen Donaghue-Kelly (Stirling University) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high following a fast break. 
 Michael Dunlop (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Owen Donaghue-Kelly (Stirling University). 
 Attempt missed. John Gemmell (Albion Rovers) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Goal!  Goal! Stirling University 1, Albion Rovers 4. Scott Chaplain (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from very close range to the top left corner. Assisted by John Gemmell following a corner. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Albion Rovers. John Gemmell replaces Mark McGuigan. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Ryan Marshall. 
 Attempt saved. Mark McGuigan (Albion Rovers) header from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Foul by Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers). 
 Charles Doherty (Stirling University) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Scott Chaplain (Albion Rovers) header from the left side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Stirling University. Jeff Duah-Kessie replaces Chris Geddes. 
 Delay in match Kyle Turnbull (Albion Rovers) because of an injury. 
 Attempt saved. Gary Phillips (Albion Rovers) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Kyle Turnbull (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Chris Geddes (Stirling University). 
 Scott Chaplain (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Charles Doherty (Stirling University). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Albion Rovers. Gary Phillips replaces Ally Love. 
 Hand ball by Owen Donaghue-Kelly (Stirling University). 
 Kyle Turnbull (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Tomos Jones (Stirling University). 
  Goal!  Goal! Stirling University 1, Albion Rovers 3. Ciaran Donnelly (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner following a set piece situation. 
 Mark McGuigan (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Charles Doherty (Stirling University). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Stirling University. Owen Donaghue-Kelly replaces Matt Sheridan. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Stirling University. Gary Crooks replaces Andrew Gillen. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Albion Rovers. Scott Chaplain replaces Liam Cusack. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by James Drummond. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Creag Robertson. 
 Attempt saved. Liam Cusack (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Darren Young (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Tomos Jones (Stirling University). 
 Michael Dunlop (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Chris Geddes (Stirling University). 
 Attempt saved. Liam Cusack (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Mark McGuigan (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Calum Burns (Stirling University). 
 Attempt missed. Ciaran Donnelly (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Foul by Ciaran Donnelly (Albion Rovers). 
 Charles Doherty (Stirling University) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
   Second Half begins Stirling University 1, Albion Rovers 2. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Stirling University 1, Albion Rovers 2. 
 Corner, Stirling University. Conceded by Ciaran Donnelly. 
 Attempt missed. Charles Doherty (Stirling University) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Foul by Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers). 
 Ben Cuff (Stirling University) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Delay in match Chris Geddes (Stirling University) because of an injury. 
 Foul by Ciaran Donnelly (Albion Rovers). 
 Tomos Jones (Stirling University) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Ally Love (Albion Rovers) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Matt Sheridan. 
 Attempt missed. Mark McGuigan (Albion Rovers) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Foul by Liam Cusack (Albion Rovers). 
 George Leigh (Stirling University) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
  Goal!  Goal! Stirling University 1, Albion Rovers 2. Darren Young (Albion Rovers) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt missed. George Leigh (Stirling University) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Ross Dunlop (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Charles Doherty (Stirling University). 
 Attempt saved. Darren Young (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Darren Young (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Andrew Gillen (Stirling University). 
 Ross Dunlop (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Matt Sheridan (Stirling University). 
  Goal!  Goal! Stirling University 1, Albion Rovers 1. Chris Geddes (Stirling University) right footed shot from more than 35 yards to the centre of the goal following a fast break. 
 Attempt saved. Chris Geddes (Stirling University) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Liam Cusack (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Creag Robertson. 
 Attempt saved. Mark McGuigan (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
  Goal!  Goal! Stirling University 0, Albion Rovers 1. Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom right corner. 
 Michael Dunlop (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Chris Geddes (Stirling University). 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Calum Burns. 
 Attempt blocked. Liam Cusack (Albion Rovers) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers