St Mirren manager Tommy Craig said his younger players are demonstrating their credentials after a 2-1 win against St Johnstone at McDiarmid Park. St Mirren: Tommy Craig praises Buddies young team  St Mirren manager Tommy Craig said his younger players are demonstrating their credentials after a 2-1 win against St Johnstone at McDiarmid Park. 
 Adam Drury's late strike was the difference as St Mirren picked up their second win of the Premiership season. 
 &quot;Of the 18 players today, we had 15 under the age of 22,&quot; said Craig. 
 &quot;The young lad Adam showed fantastic composure. It was a good ball from Ross Caldwell, and a wonderful finish.&quot; 
 Jason Naismith's long-range shot opened the scoring for St Mirren in the 28th minute, but it was cancelled out by St Johnstone's Steven Anderson who headed in from a Lee Croft corner in the second half. 
 “St Mirren have dipped into the youth team and whenever I think about what we need at the back, middle or front - I look in the way before I look outwith the club” 
 St Mirren have relied heavily on players who have emerged from the club's youth system in recent months, but Craig insists the policy is finally paying off. 
 &quot;It's what we're all about,&quot; said Craig. &quot;St Mirren have dipped into the youth team and whenever I think about what we need at the back, middle or front - I look in the way before I look outwith the club. 
 &quot;I look at our youth development programme, and it's showing signs of fruition. 
 &quot;The young boys making their way in the game and learning how to go to places like Pittodrie and show the resilience they're going to need.&quot; 
 The win pushes St Mirren's points tally up to seven - all of which have come from away matches - but Craig admits that his players will need to start improving performances in Paisley if they are to make progress in the Premiership. 
 &quot;We've played better than we did today and lost,&quot; said Craig. 
 &quot;I thought we played okay, but there's been performances this season where we've deserved more than we got out of the game. I've said it to people, and now they might start to believe me. 
 &quot;It's seven very valuable points away from home, but we've got to brush up on our home form - that's crucial.&quot;