Lewis Macleod marked his Rangers return with a magnificent overhead kick winner as the Ibrox side edged out Livingston.    Macleod 8′  
 Lewis Macleod marked his Rangers return with a magnificent overhead kick winner as the Ibrox side edged out Livingston. 
 The midfielder missed the last two weeks due to injury but took only eight minutes to make an impact, providing an acrobatic finish at the back post from Ian Black's lofted pass. 
 Rangers had chances to add to their tally but had to settle for one goal. 
 The result got the Ibrox men back to winning ways following their 3-1 defeat by Hibernian on Tuesday night. 
 That performance had left the Rangers faithful furious and their mood would have worsened if Livi's Danny Mullen had scored instead of firing over the bar after breaking through the visiting defence early on. 
 Macleod, however, eased any nerves in Ally McCoist's side with his sublime goal, showing no ill-effects from his recent ankle problems to beat goalkeeper Darren Jamieson. 
 Livi were forced into an early change after Craig Sives appeared to be knocked out cold when Nicky Law smashed a powerful shot straight into the defender's face from point-blank range, with Gary Glen on as his replacement. 
 Rangers went in 1-0 up at the break but a flashpoint among their fans in the stands during the opening 45 minutes would have been an unwelcome sight for club officials. 
 On the park, the visitors should have doubled their advantage early in the second period, but Kris Boyd's miserable luck in front of goal continued. 
 The former Scotland striker has yet to net in the league this season but thought his wait was over when Nicky Clark and Richard Foster combined to lay it on a plate for him six yards out. 
 Boyd's mortifying fresh-air swipe, however, summed up his afternoon and it was no surprise when he was hooked for Jon Daly soon after. 
 Clark had a bad miss of his own as he fired over from Lee Wallace's deep cross to the back post. 
 A stunning save by Jamieson was required to keep out McCulloch's volley from 10 yards with Rangers in full command by this point. 
 However, they were almost pegged back when Callum Fordyce crashed a 30-yard volley into the side-netting after an hour, while Jordan White screwed one wide soon after. 
 There was another scare when Black had to clear off his own goal-line after White looped a header over goalkeeper Steve Simonsen. 
 But Clark and Daly missed further chances to add gloss to the scoreline in the final 10 minutes as Rangers crawled over the line. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Livingston 0, Rangers 1. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Livingston 0, Rangers 1. 
 Foul by Michael McKenna (Livingston). 
 Lewis Macleod (Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Livingston. Robert Ogleby replaces Burton O'Brien. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Keaghan Jacobs. 
 Foul by Myles Hippolyte (Livingston). 
 Darren McGregor (Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Jon Daly (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. 
 Foul by Callum Fordyce (Livingston). 
 Nicky Clark (Rangers) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Corner, Livingston. Conceded by Lee Wallace. 
 Lee Wallace (Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Michael McKenna (Livingston). 
 Foul by Jon Daly (Rangers). 
 Jason Talbot (Livingston) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Livingston. Myles Hippolyte replaces Daniel Mullen. 
 Attempt blocked. Kyle Jacobs (Livingston) header from a difficult angle on the left is blocked. 
 Corner, Livingston. Conceded by Lee Wallace. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Rangers. David Templeton replaces Fraser Aird. 
  Booking  Gary Glen (Livingston) is shown the yellow card. 
 Lewis Macleod (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Gary Glen (Livingston). 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Jason Talbot. 
 Attempt blocked. Jon Daly (Rangers) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Rangers. Jon Daly replaces Kris Boyd. 
 Attempt missed. Jordan White (Livingston) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Kyle Jacobs. 
  Booking  Daniel Mullen (Livingston) is shown the yellow card. 
 Nicky Clark (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Daniel Mullen (Livingston). 
 Attempt missed. Kyle Jacobs (Livingston) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Booking  Lewis Macleod (Rangers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Michael McKenna (Livingston) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Lewis Macleod (Rangers). 
 Foul by Lewis Macleod (Rangers). 
 Michael McKenna (Livingston) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Darren Jamieson. 
 Attempt saved. Lee McCulloch (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Ian Black (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Burton O'Brien (Livingston). 
 Attempt missed. Nicky Clark (Rangers) right footed shot from very close range is too high. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Jordan White. 
 Ian Black (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Michael McKenna (Livingston). 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Jordan White. 
 Foul by Jason Talbot (Livingston). 
 Nicky Clark (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Fraser Aird (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Burton O'Brien. 
 Lee McCulloch (Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Michael McKenna (Livingston). 
   Second Half begins Livingston 0, Rangers 1. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Rangers. Darren McGregor replaces Marius Zaliukas because of an injury. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Livingston 0, Rangers 1. 
 Kyle Jacobs (Livingston) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Nicky Clark (Rangers). 
 Nicky Clark (Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Kyle Jacobs (Livingston). 
 Hand ball by Jordan White (Livingston). 
 Foul by Lee Wallace (Rangers). 
 Michael McKenna (Livingston) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Attempt saved. Gary Glen (Livingston) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Kyle Jacobs. 
 Attempt blocked. Nicky Law (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Foul by Jordan White (Livingston). 
 Lee McCulloch (Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Jordan White (Livingston) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Livingston. Gary Glen replaces Craig Sives because of an injury. 
 Attempt blocked. Nicky Law (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Attempt missed. Nicky Clark (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Attempt saved. Nicky Clark (Rangers) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Keaghan Jacobs (Livingston) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Lewis Macleod (Rangers). 
 Jordan White (Livingston) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Nicky Law (Rangers). 
  Goal!  Goal! Livingston 0, Rangers 1. Lewis Macleod (Rangers) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box to the top right corner. Assisted by Ian Black. 
  Booking  Lee Wallace (Rangers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Daniel Mullen (Livingston) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Lee Wallace (Rangers). 
 Foul by Jason Talbot (Livingston). 
 Kris Boyd (Rangers) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Corner, Livingston. Conceded by Marius Zaliukas. 
 Attempt missed. Daniel Mullen (Livingston) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers