Gavin Swankie completed Forfar's comeback in the last minute as they came from behind to beat Airdrie at Station Park.    Lister 21′  
  Hilson 67′  Swankie 90′  
 Gavin Swankie completed Forfar's comeback in the last minute as they came from behind to beat Airdrie at Station Park. 
 The forward connected expertly with Omar Kader's cross to head home 11 seconds into injury time, just as the match seemed to be ebbing towards a hard-fought draw. 
 The hosts had started the brighter. James Lister connected with a Scott Gray centre in the 21st minute to head Airdrie in front from close range. 
 Headed goals were the order of the day as Forfar levelled midway through the second period. Jim Paterson curled in a wicked ball for Dale Hilson to convert from the edge of the box. 
 Both sides exchanged chances to win it before Swankie delivered the crucial intervention in the dying seconds. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Airdrieonians 1, Forfar Athletic 2. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Airdrieonians 1, Forfar Athletic 2. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Airdrieonians. Kyle Richford replaces David Proctor. 
  Goal!  Goal! Airdrieonians 1, Forfar Athletic 2. Gavin Swankie (Forfar Athletic) header from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Omar Kader. 
 Attempt saved. Gavin Swankie (Forfar Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Rab Douglas. 
 Attempt saved. Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Forfar Athletic. Conceded by Andy McNeil. 
 Attempt saved. Martin Fotheringham (Forfar Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Forfar Athletic. Martin Fotheringham replaces James Dale. 
  Booking  Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Scott Gray (Airdrieonians). 
 Omar Kader (Forfar Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Patrick Boyle (Airdrieonians). 
 James Dale (Forfar Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Forfar Athletic. Chris Templeman replaces Danny Denholm. 
  Booking  James Dale (Forfar Athletic) is shown the yellow card. 
 Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by James Dale (Forfar Athletic). 
 Attempt saved. Darren Dods (Forfar Athletic) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Forfar Athletic. Conceded by Ben Richards-Everton. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Forfar Athletic. Gavin Malin replaces Stephen Husband. 
 Keigan Parker (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Darren Dods (Forfar Athletic). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Airdrieonians. Keigan Parker replaces Bryan Prunty. 
 Hand ball by James Dale (Forfar Athletic). 
 Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Gavin Swankie (Forfar Athletic). 
 James Lister (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Stuart Malcolm (Forfar Athletic). 
  Goal!  Goal! Airdrieonians 1, Forfar Athletic 1. Dale Hilson (Forfar Athletic) header from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Jim Paterson. 
 Attempt saved. Bryan Prunty (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Stephen Husband (Forfar Athletic). 
  Booking  Patrick Boyle (Airdrieonians) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Liam Watt (Airdrieonians). 
 Omar Kader (Forfar Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Omar Kader (Forfar Athletic). 
 Stuart Malcolm (Forfar Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by James Lister (Airdrieonians). 
 Attempt missed. Danny Denholm (Forfar Athletic) left footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Stuart Malcolm. 
 Corner, Forfar Athletic. Conceded by Patrick Boyle. 
 Attempt missed. Omar Kader (Forfar Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Bryan Prunty (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by James Dale (Forfar Athletic). 
 Corner, Forfar Athletic. Conceded by Patrick Boyle. 
   Second Half begins Airdrieonians 1, Forfar Athletic 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Airdrieonians 1, Forfar Athletic 0. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Rab Douglas. 
 Attempt saved. Patrick Boyle (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Dale Hilson (Forfar Athletic). 
 James Lister (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Darren Dods (Forfar Athletic). 
 Gavin Swankie (Forfar Athletic) hits the bar with a right footed shot from more than 35 yards. 
 Corner, Forfar Athletic. Conceded by Liam Watt. 
  Booking  Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians) is shown the yellow card. 
 Omar Kader (Forfar Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians). 
 James Lister (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Darren Dods (Forfar Athletic). 
 Attempt saved. Stephen Husband (Forfar Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Forfar Athletic. Conceded by Ben Richards-Everton. 
 Corner, Forfar Athletic. Conceded by Liam Watt. 
 Attempt saved. Patrick Boyle (Airdrieonians) header from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Mark Baxter. 
 Attempt missed. Bryan Prunty (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
  Goal!  Goal! Airdrieonians 1, Forfar Athletic 0. James Lister (Airdrieonians) header from very close range to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Scott Gray. 
 Corner, Forfar Athletic. Conceded by Patrick Boyle. 
 Attempt missed. Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. 
 Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jim Paterson (Forfar Athletic). 
 Attempt missed. James Lister (Airdrieonians) header from the centre of the box is too high. 
 Foul by Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians). 
 Stephen Husband (Forfar Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 David Proctor (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Dale Hilson (Forfar Athletic). 
 Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Stephen Husband (Forfar Athletic). 
 Attempt missed. Patrick Boyle (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers