Brechin leapfrogged Morton and climbed into the top four thanks to a commanding victory over their League One rivals at Glebe Park.    Trouten 11′ (pen)  Thomson 33′  McAusland 62′  
  O'Ware 69′  
 Brechin leapfrogged Morton and climbed into the top four thanks to a commanding victory over their League One rivals at Glebe Park. 
 Alan Trouten also joined Morton's Declan McManus at the top of the goalscoring charts, converting the 11th-minute penalty that put them in front after Sean Crighton was judged to have handballed in the area. 
 Robert Thomson doubled Brechin's advantage from Colin Hamilton's pass following a set-piece in the 33rd minute, leaving Morton with a mountain to climb in the second half. 
 Any hope of a comeback was ended in the 62nd minute when Kyle McAusland received Bobby Barr's pass with a supreme first touch and added a third goal. 
 Morton at least managed a consolation goal seven minutes later when Ricki Lamie set up Tommy O'Ware but Brechin held on comfortably. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Brechin City 3, Morton 1. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Brechin City 3, Morton 1. 
 Kyle McAusland (Brechin City) hits the bar with a right footed shot from the centre of the box. 
 Alan Trouten (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ricki Lamie (Morton). 
 Colin Hamilton (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Thomas O'Ware (Morton). 
 Foul by Jamie McCormack (Brechin City). 
 Declan McManus (Morton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Booking  Joe McKee (Morton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Alan Trouten (Brechin City) hits the bar with a right footed shot from the centre of the box. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Brechin City. Greg Cameron replaces Jamie Masson. 
 Bobby Barr (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Thomas O'Ware (Morton). 
 Attempt saved. Robbie Crawford (Morton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Robbie Crawford (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt saved. Joe McKee (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Gary Fusco (Brechin City). 
 Joe McKee (Morton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Jamie McCormack (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Declan McManus (Morton). 
  Booking  Robbie Crawford (Morton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Alan Trouten (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Robbie Crawford (Morton). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Brechin City. Andy Jackson replaces Robert Thomson. 
 Attempt missed. Stefan Milojevic (Morton) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. 
 (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Thomas O'Ware (Morton). 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Gary Fusco. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Darren McCormack. 
 Attempt saved. Andrew Barrowman (Morton) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt missed. Thomas O'Ware (Morton) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
  Goal!  Goal! Brechin City 3, Morton 1. Thomas O'Ware (Morton) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the top right corner. Assisted by Ricki Lamie. 
  Booking  Jamie McCormack (Brechin City) is shown the yellow card. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Morton. Reece Hands replaces Conor Pepper. 
 Foul by Colin Hamilton (Brechin City). 
 Jamie McCluskey (Morton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Jamie McCormack (Brechin City). 
 Declan McManus (Morton) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Nicolas Caraux. 
 Attempt saved. Robert Thomson (Brechin City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Thomas O'Ware. 
 Attempt missed. Joe McKee (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
  Goal!  Goal! Brechin City 3, Morton 0. Kyle McAusland (Brechin City) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Bobby Barr. 
 Foul by Jamie McCormack (Brechin City). 
 Robbie Crawford (Morton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Booking  Declan McManus (Morton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Paul McLean (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Declan McManus (Morton). 
  Booking  Andrew Barrowman (Morton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Robert Thomson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Andrew Barrowman (Morton). 
 Attempt missed. Jamie Masson (Brechin City) right footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt blocked. Joe McKee (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Bobby Barr. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Gary Fusco. 
 Attempt saved. Thomas O'Ware (Morton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top right corner. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Paul McLean. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Paul McLean. 
   Second Half begins Brechin City 2, Morton 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Brechin City 2, Morton 0. 
 Robert Thomson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Thomas O'Ware (Morton). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Brechin City. Gary Fusco replaces Craig Molloy because of an injury. 
 Attempt missed. Joe McKee (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner. 
 Craig Molloy (Brechin City) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Declan McManus (Morton). 
 Jamie Masson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Joe McKee (Morton). 
 Attempt saved. Declan McManus (Morton) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the top right corner. 
 Foul by Darren McCormack (Brechin City). 
 Andrew Barrowman (Morton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Jamie Masson (Brechin City) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Foul by Darren McCormack (Brechin City). 
 Andrew Barrowman (Morton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Robert Thomson (Brechin City). 
 Declan McManus (Morton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Brechin City 2, Morton 0. Robert Thomson (Brechin City) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Colin Hamilton following a set piece situation. 
 Alan Trouten (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Stefan Milojevic (Morton). 
 Paul McLean (Brechin City) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Andrew Barrowman (Morton). 
 Attempt missed. Craig Molloy (Brechin City) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Attempt saved. Declan McManus (Morton) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Morton. Stefan Milojevic replaces Lee Kilday because of an injury. 
 Craig Molloy (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Conor Pepper (Morton). 
 Colin Hamilton (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Sean Crighton (Morton). 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Darren McCormack. 
 Attempt saved. Andrew Barrowman (Morton) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Foul by Robert Thomson (Brechin City). 
 Sean Crighton (Morton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Robbie Crawford (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Attempt missed. Declan McManus (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner. 
 Foul by Kyle McAusland (Brechin City). 
 Robbie Crawford (Morton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Kyle McAusland (Brechin City) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Joe McKee (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Foul by Colin Hamilton (Brechin City). 
 Lee Kilday (Morton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Lee Kilday. 
 Jamie Masson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Conor Pepper (Morton). 
  Goal!  Goal! Brechin City 1, Morton 0. Alan Trouten (Brechin City) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner. 
 Penalty conceded by Sean Crighton (Morton) with a hand ball in the penalty area. 
 Thomas O'Ware (Morton) hits the bar with a header from the centre of the box following a corner. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Kyle McAusland. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Jamie McCormack. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Robbie Crawford. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Thomas O'Ware. 
 Foul by Conor Pepper (Morton). 
 Craig Molloy (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers