Peterhead did the damage in the space of six minutes midway through the second half as they saw off third-placed Ayr at Balmoor.    Stevenson 56′  Strachan 62′  
 Peterhead did the damage in the space of six minutes midway through the second half as they saw off third-placed Ayr at Balmoor. 
 There wasn't too much to excite The Blue Toon faithful in the first period, but affairs livened up after the interval when Jamie Stevenson fired Peterhead in front in the 56th minute. 
 Rory McAllister was the architect with a clever pass to the midfielder, who found the bottom-left corner. 
 Peterhead struck again shortly after when Ryan Strachan drove the ball past Davie Hutton following a fine pass by McAllister. 
 Having been competitive up to the first goal, Ayr floundered under the two-goal deficit and Peterhead cruised to victory. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Peterhead 2, Ayr United 0. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Peterhead 2, Ayr United 0. 
 Graeme Sharp (Peterhead) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Dale Shirkie (Ayr United). 
 Foul by Rory McAllister (Peterhead). 
 Scott McLaughlin (Ayr United) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Jamie Stevenson (Peterhead). 
 Brian Gilmour (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 David Cox (Peterhead) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jon Paul McGovern (Ayr United). 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Scott Ross. 
 Reece Donaldson (Peterhead) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Peter McGill (Ayr United). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Ayr United. Andrew Muir replaces Ryan Donnelly. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Ayr United. Peter McGill replaces Michael Donald. 
 Attempt missed. Scott McLaughlin (Ayr United) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Foul by David Cox (Peterhead). 
 Paul Slane (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Graeme Sharp. 
 David Cox (Peterhead) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Dale Shirkie (Ayr United). 
 Foul by Rory McAllister (Peterhead). 
 Jon Paul McGovern (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 David Cox (Peterhead) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Brian Gilmour (Ayr United). 
 Ross Smith (Peterhead) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Peterhead. Dean Richardson replaces Ryan McCann because of an injury. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Ayr United. Dale Shirkie replaces Craig Beattie. 
 Attempt missed. Rory McAllister (Peterhead) right footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. 
  Goal!  Goal! Peterhead 2, Ayr United 0. Ryan Strachan (Peterhead) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Ryan McCann. 
 Attempt missed. Micky Riley (Peterhead) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Foul by Micky Riley (Peterhead). 
 Nicky Devlin (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Jamie Stevenson (Peterhead) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Foul by Micky Riley (Peterhead). 
 Brian Gilmour (Ayr United) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
  Goal!  Goal! Peterhead 1, Ayr United 0. Jamie Stevenson (Peterhead) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Rory McAllister. 
 Attempt missed. Rory McAllister (Peterhead) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Peterhead. Ryan McCann replaces Mark Millar because of an injury. 
 Attempt missed. Jamie Stevenson (Peterhead) right footed shot from more than 35 yards is close, but misses to the left. 
 Foul by David Cox (Peterhead). 
 Paul Slane (Ayr United) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
   Second Half begins Peterhead 0, Ayr United 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Peterhead 0, Ayr United 0. 
 Attempt missed. Michael Donald (Ayr United) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Foul by Reece Donaldson (Peterhead). 
 Scott McLaughlin (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt blocked. Rory McAllister (Peterhead) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Peterhead. Conceded by Kevin McKinlay. 
 Attempt saved. Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Graeme Sharp. 
 Attempt saved. Rory McAllister (Peterhead) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt missed. David Cox (Peterhead) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. 
 Rory McAllister (Peterhead) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kevin McKinlay (Ayr United). 
 Attempt saved. Graeme Sharp (Peterhead) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Peterhead. David Cox replaces Bryan Gilfillan because of an injury. 
 Attempt missed. Michael Donald (Ayr United) header from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Reece Donaldson. 
 Attempt saved. Reece Donaldson (Peterhead) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the top right corner. 
 Attempt missed. Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Reece Donaldson. 
 Foul by Graeme Sharp (Peterhead). 
 Paul Slane (Ayr United) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Corner, Peterhead. Conceded by Scott McLaughlin. 
 Attempt blocked. Bryan Gilfillan (Peterhead) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. 
 Bryan Gilfillan (Peterhead) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United). 
 Attempt saved. Micky Riley (Peterhead) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt blocked. Micky Riley (Peterhead) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Peterhead. Conceded by Kevin McKinlay. 
 (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Rory McAllister (Peterhead). 
 Attempt blocked. Scott Ross (Peterhead) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Peterhead. Conceded by Scott McLaughlin. 
 Corner, Peterhead. Conceded by Michael Donald. 
 Jamie Stevenson (Peterhead) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Brian Gilmour (Ayr United). 
 Foul by Reece Donaldson (Peterhead). 
 Paul Slane (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Rory McAllister (Peterhead) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt blocked. Brian Gilmour (Ayr United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers