THE organisation say all that has changed is that food stamps have been swapped for foodbanks as many struggle to make both ends meet across 100 years. Glasgow North West foodbank drive says hunger of city's needy has lasted more than a century with World War 1 theme night - Daily Record FOOD poverty is not new to Glasgow and a weekend event aimed to remind residents that the city’s needy remain as much an issue now as a century ago.
Glasgow North West Foodbank held a fundraising evening to further their work helping families, many of whom get caught in bureaucracy as benefits change or while waiting for the first pay cheque from a new job.
Manager Kyle McCormick said they chose a World War I theme not only for the centenary being marked this year, but also to point out that food poverty remains a problem 100 years on.
He said: “We had foodstamps then and foodbanks now. It seems like we are going around in circles. Most of our clients are being referred because of benefit delays and changes. A lot of people have debt problems and are struggling with mortgages and waiting for social housing. We are trying to focus on making their money stretch further. During WWI there was a lot to help your money go further.”
Kyle – who was joined by wife Gill for Friday’s event at Blawarthill Parish Church in Yoker – said too many people were living week to week. He added: “There are 50 branches of foodbanks in Glasgow. I would hope to see that reduced in the next few years.”
Olivia Dalzell, 45, started volunteering at the Trussell Trust-run foodbank after a friend had to turn to it for help.
She said: “I didn’t know anything about foodbanks. I was feeding my friend and all the money she was getting was single person benefit and once she paid what she could of her bills, she couldn’t feed herself. She got a &pound;1000 fine for not having a TV licence because she couldn’t afford to pay it.
 “We’re very lucky to have a foodbank or a lot of kids would be starving. There are a lot of big-hearted people out there but if it was not for foodbanks, people  would be starving. We shouldn’t have to rely on foodbanks.” 
Donations of food and other items were made by local businesses, including Joanna Goodbite in Knightswood.
Olivia added: “People have been very generous for a good cause.”
George Square recently became the site for an impromptu foodbank drive.