WE spoke to the two industry experts to separate the Ghost in the Shells from the Giovanni's Islands. Scotland Loves Anime 2014: Writer Jonathan Clements and festival director Andrew Partridge open up on animation celebration - Daily Record JONATHAN CLEMENTS is a scriptwriter and a leading expert on anime. A prolific author, he has published many non-fiction works that serve as research for his fiction. Writer of Anime: A History and Schoolgirl Milky Crisis: Adventures in the Anime and Manga Trade, he is also a visiting professor at a university in China.
 
 Jonathan thanks for taking the time to speak to us. This isn’t your first time at Scotland Loves Anime (SLA)? 
I've been introducing the films since the first SLA, and chairing the festival jury since the second. I tell the crowd gossip about the films, and I interview the Japanese guests on stage. This means I have to sit through every pre-film advert at the GFT about two dozen times.&nbsp; I earn my money.
 How, if at all, have you seen the festival change over time? 
We get a lot of repeat customers, so there are familiar faces now every year. It makes the crowd very friendly and the hecklers very bold. I don't think the festival has changed on the outside, but the organisers have certainly refined their protocols over the years. We have all sorts of systems in place to deal with untalkative guests (this usually involves whisky) or stressful premieres (actually, come to think of it, this also involves whisky).
 

 Do you think there has been a changing appreciation or opinion of the medium in Scotland? 
I think that the Scots are getting used to an annual film festival of Japanese cartoons in their midst, which itself makes anime part of the scenery here. We don't get asked &quot;Anime? What's that?&quot; We get asked &quot;SLA, when's that?&quot; which is a real result.
I think the real change is outside Scotland, because now there is a palpable sense among, English fans that if you really want to see the new premieres first, you need to be booking yourself some time in Scotland every autumn. We had some people show up from France for one movie a couple of years ago. And there was a nutter who came all the way from Japan.
 You write non-fiction as part of your research for your fictional works. To what degree do you think anime is grounded in reality? 
Ooh, well that's a complicated question. Anime is very much grounded in realism, which is to say most of the good stuff sets up rules for the world in which it happens, and then sticks to them. Giant robots are heavy; magic spells have consequences; guns run out of ammo. That's realism, even if we're talking about ninja in space and talking squirrels.
Naturalism is something different. There's been a growing movement in anime over the last 20 years to stop using graphic shorthand and to attempt to replicate the real world so it actually feels real, and not so cartoony. So in Ghost in the Shell, for example, you get lens flares and imperfections on the &quot;camera&quot;, even though the whole thing is drawn by hand.
There's a definite group of animators who spend a lot of their time trying to get reality right, and a lot of them drift out of animation into special effects, where some of their best work is invisible to the naked eye. There's also been an entire subgenre of &quot;everyday anime&quot; that regard the real world -- of mundane schools, workplaces and home -- as the last undiscovered country, for a generation of PlayStation geeks who spend their evenings in their bedrooms commanding armies and shooting aliens.
 

Of course, I say that, and then you get stuff like Space Dandy, where the whole cast can get killed in one episode, and then come back in the next as if nothing has happened.
 To what extent, if at all, do you think cultural differences between Japan and western Europe detract from a universal appeal of anime? What would you say to people who haven’t ever seen any anime before to convince them to go along to SLA? 
Certainly, every culture has expectations and traditions, and one that is ten thousand miles away, speaking a different language, is going to be radically different from our own in its attitudes and assumptions. And yes, I think that for some people that is a barrier to universal appeal. But anime's not about universal appeal, it's about the chance to look at the world with very different eyes, just for a couple of hours.
Anime's a whole medium, so just as with something like &quot;Hollywood movies&quot;, there's going to be award-winners and there's going to be bargain bin schlock. There's going to be eternal classics and there's going to be, well, that awful thing last year about the blue Buddhist cat that didn't do anything and then dies. So some of the stuff we're showing is for kids, and some of it's for teenagers, and some of it's for adults.
Anime *can* be childish, but it can also be very thoughtful and philosophical. We've got Giovanni's Island this year, which is supposedly a kids' film but it's based on real events, and highlights ongoing territorial issues in Japan's northernmost islands.
We've also got Appleseed: Alpha, which some might even say is less an animated film than it is an action movie that uses 100 per cent special effects. The actors are motion-captured, the whole thing looks photo-real. I'm sure there are casual passers-by who won't even see it as &quot;drawn.&quot; 
 

We've also got The Wings of Honneamise, which is a beautifully assembled account of a space-race on a world that is not our own. Every single frame of it has been painstakingly put together with an eye to alien detail, from the telegraph poles in the background to the spoons in people's soup. It's an amazing, globally-rated piece of science fiction.
Same goes for Ghost in the Shell, which is 20 years old, but has been beautifully remastered and still holds up as a deeply philosophical enquiry into the human condition in a world where machines do your thinking for you.
I think of it every time Facebook tells me it's time to tell someone else's Facebook page that I wish them a happy birthday. See one of those -- you won't think anime is childish any more.
 Is SLA a good introduction to the genre? 
Yes! Come to SLA and you'll be getting movies at their UK or European premiere, as well as a chance to see some of the classics on a big screen.
 Have you any stories about your time with SLA you'd like to share with us? 
Scotland Loves Anime has spent the last five years pushing Scotland itself at the Japanese guests. We don't just wheel them onto the stage to say thanks, and send them home. They have an interpreter for the whole duration of their stay, which includes sightseeing, and we try and tailor things for them that will make Scotland stick in their mind.

So I made sure that Makoto Shinkai, who is a director obsessed with the minutiae of design, got a book of Rennie Mackintosh images. Masayuki Miyaji, who has an interest in Japan's industrial revolution, went off to New Lanark for the day. Satoshi Nishimura, director of Trigun, took himself off on his own to walk up and down Sauchiehall Street. He came creeping back and asked me if it was true Irn Bru was made from girders.
All the directors also get neckties in the festival director's clan tartan. We like to think that there will be a bunch of bigwigs at a Tokyo party one day, and they'll realise they're all wearing the same tartan and that they've all been invited to Glasgow and had haggis with us.
 What Glasgow event of the festival are you most excited about and why? 
Mizuho Nishikubo, the director of Giovanni's Island, will be speaking in person at the Glasgow Film Theatre. He also directed Musashi: Dream of the Last Samurai, for which I provided the voice of the mad professor, so I am hoping he will not have me executed if he's seen it in English.
 

ANDREW Partridge is Scotland Loves Anime's Festival Director. An expert on the medium, he's also closely involved with its distribution in the UK.
 When we spoke last year you mentioned the mix of your audiences consistently surprised you, that it was not just hardcore fans, males aged 12-25. Was that the case in 2013? 
Good memory there!&nbsp; Yes this continued to surprise me - we had people well outside of the hardcore age category for the Glasgow weekend and beyond last year too - long may it continue as well I hope.&nbsp; We try to provide content that is accessible regardless of your age or knowledge of anime so do come along and give something a shot!
 Do you think/have you tried to make SLA accessible for people with no experience of anime? 
I think that's always our goal - sure you always have some films that are difficult for non-anime people to get (try walking into the third part of Evangelion with no knowledge for example) but every year we aim for over 60 per cent of our line-up to be accessible and I'm pleased to say we have continued to do that.&nbsp; Giovanni's Island, Appleseed Alpha, Ghost in the Shell, Wings of Honneamise and Bayonetta need noanime knowledge to watch and the rest of the films are not designed to be impenetrable either!
 

 Is there much of anime scene here in Glasgow? 
Definitely - ranging from anime clubs at the key universities, several geek shops catering to anime and a whole lot more - if you look carefully you'll see a very noticeable subset of the community in Glasgow do in fact like anime!&nbsp;
Now our hope is they'll spread the word and encourage others to prove how much we love anime in Scotland!
 What are you most looking forward to in the Glasgow event and why? 
For me there's three key things - Mizuho Nishikubo attending the screening of Giovanni's Island on the Sunday, Ghost in the Shell and Wings of Honneamise.&nbsp; The latter two as they're classics in Japanese Sci-Fi that deserve a bit more time out in the light really.&nbsp;
In the case of Giovanni's Island - it's one of these films that deserves to be seen as it covers an important period in history that we're not often taught in the UK.&nbsp; People owe it to themselves to check it out as it's based off the real stories of what happened on the island.
 Click here to visit the Scotland Loves Anime website for full listings. 
The festival runs Friday, October 10 to Sunday, October 12 in Glasgow and Monday, October 13 to Sunday, October 19 in Edinburgh.
&nbsp;