RUTH GEDDES is being held under the Mental Health Act because doctors fear her eating disorder is putting her life at risk. Anorexic teenager makes desperate plea to be allowed to leave hospital ward where she is being held - Daily Record AN anorexic teenager has made a heartbreaking plea for freedom from the hospital ward where she is being detained.
Ruth Geddes penned a personal letter to the Daily Record after she was locked up by psychiatrists under the Mental Health Act.
Medics at Auchinlea Health Centre claim the 19-year-old’s eating disorder is putting her life at risk because her blood sugar level has dropped dangerously low.
She now faces at least 28 days in Parkhead Hospital’s psychiatric ward despite her parents saying it is derailing her rehabilitation from previous stints ofanorexia.
Ruth’s parents, Brian, 64, and Eileen, 55, insist their daughter’s health had improved and she is coping with her anorexia.
But they claim her life will spiral out of control and she will lose her job and home due to be being forced into hospital again - after a horrific experience during two previous hospital stays.
In a message from her hospital bed, Ruth, from Riddrie, Glasgow, has given an insight into life on the ward.
It comes as the lifeguard’s friends set-up an online petition which aims to secure her release from hospital.
Ruth, once a promising swimmer, wrote: “I wish I was as ill as they are saying so that I wouldn’t understand what was happening around me.
“The fact that I am completely functioning and aware makes this hospital worse. Anorexic people have a mental illness but are still mentally intelligent.
“I am not a criminal, nor am I an animal, yet I am in a situation that is just like being locked behind bars. I have flesh, bones, two arms, two legs.
“I could go on but my description surely makes that of a human being or would that be an irrational conclusion?
“I also have a brain would you believe? An actual brain that functions. It allows me to put one foot in front of the other so I am also positive that means I have a working brain.
“I think that would be another rational conclusion?&nbsp;
“So why am I standing behind a window watching an open space filled with things like me?”
Specialists yesterday highlighted the difficulties facing troubled teenagers who are admitted to mental health wards.
An online petition was launched after the Daily Record revealed that Ruth and her parents went into hiding because a detention order had been issued.
Already more than 200 people have signed up to the forum, which states: “Ruth was on the clear road to recovery from an eating disorder when the authorities decided to put her back inside, along with the psychotic patients.”
Retired teacher Eileen, who lives in Springhill, Glasgow, said: “We are in a desperate situation. We are just trying to save her life.”