THE Glasgow drama club are on the hunt for new members as rehearsals start for their production of the much-loved Broadway classic. Glasgow AmDram: No Channing Tatum or Joseph Gordon-Levitt for Theatre South Productions' Guys and Dolls - Glaswegians have all the star quality we need says director - Daily Record RICHARD WAUGH may struggle to get Channing Tatum or Joseph Gordon-Levitt onboard for Theatre South’s production of Guys and Dolls, but he’s still looking for star talent amongst new recruits.
With the Hollywood duo set to star as Sky Masterson and Nathan Detroit in a film remake of the Broadway classic, director Richard concedes that while they may be too busy to join the south side drama group, there’s plenty of talented Glaswegians who fit the bill.
 The club are putting on the Tony Award winning musical at Eastwood Park theatre in March, and are on the hunt for new members ready to bring fresh life into a show currently undergoing a popular renaissance. 
Clarkston resident Richard said: “Though it would be nice to have Tatum or Gordon-Levitt onboard, we know there’s loads of hugely talented people out there we’d love to have along.
“The show itself is undergoing a revival having just been performed at the Chichester Theatre to huge acclaim, it’s now moving to London’s West End and there’s the new movie, so it’s a show that’s definitely becoming even more popular.
“Not only is it a great chance to be part of what’s already promising to be a brilliant performance, but Theatre South is a fantastic environment to meet new friends.
“New members can expect a great welcome, a lot of fun, a professionally minded show they’ll want their friends and family to see and great social scene.”
It’s not Theatre South Production’s - or Richard’s - first brush with the 1950 classic, famous for its show-stoppers such as Luck Be A Lady, Sit Down You’re Rockin’ The Boat and the famous title track, which was previously brought to the silver screen in 1955 by Marlon Brando and Frank Sinatra.
The club staged it in 1997, with Richard playing leading man Sky.

But the 47-year-old is hoping whoever he casts as the hero of the piece won’t be following his example when it comes to the romantic stuff.
He explained: “I’m hoping the person who plays Sky, unlike me, doesn’t drift off on stage thinking about his dinner and forget to catch the leading lady mid-number.
“There’s a scene where Sarah Brown swoons as she was supposed to be drunk, and I was to catch her. I was too busy thinking did I leave the oven on, and she fairly clunked on hitting the floor - I was mortified.
&quot;But this time round we want new members, young or old, male or female, of all talents or none. Don't be scared if you're not the best singer or dancer, we welcome people of all abilities.&quot;
If you’re interested in doing Guys and Dolls, email waugh_ richard@yahoo.co.uk for more information.
Auditions will be held this Sunday, Wednesday and Sunday, October 12.
New members will be considered for principle parts.
Rehearsals take place Wednesdays at 7.30pm at Clarkston Scout Hall.