The family of a teenager knocked down and killed on a petrol station forecourt have said they are “devastated” at her death Tributes to Renfrewshire forecourt crash teen The family of a teenager knocked down and killed on a petrol station forecourt have said they are “devastated” at her death.

Eilish Herron, 17, was struck as she filled her car at the Asda garage in Linwood, Renfrewshire, yesterday.
The teenager, from nearby Paisley, had left school this summer and had only recently passed her test, tweeting about doing so on September 1.
Police Scotland said the teenager was struck by a Ford Focus that collided with her Renault Clio while she was filling it with fuel at around 2.30pm. The other motorist was not injured.
In a statement released through police, her family said: “We are absolutely devastated by the loss of our beautiful daughter Eilish. We just cannot believe that we will not see her again. She was a lovely girl, a good daughter, sister, granddaughter and a great friend to those who knew her. She had so much to live for and we will miss her terribly.
“We are very grateful for the thoughts and kind words already given, however, we would ask that we be allowed to have the time to grieve as a family at this very, very sad and difficult time.”
Others who knew the teenager, a keen netball player, also paid tribute to her.
Kevin Henry, head teacher at St Andrew’s Academy in Paisley, said: “Eilish was a wonderful student and very popular with both her peers and the staff of the school.
“Her death is a tragic loss. Eilish and her family will be in the thoughts and prayers of all in the school.”
Mr Henry said Eilish had been accepted to study nursing at Robert Gordon University after six “very successful and happy years” at school.
The head teacher said: “She was a talented sportswoman and had been recognised in 2013 as Renfrewshire Young Sportsperson of the Year.
“She gave much of her own time to coaching younger students in the school. Eilish was a great role model for our pupils.
“Staff and the school chaplain will be available to students who require any support.”Eilish was said to be a keen netball player and had coached at local schools.
A spokeswoman for Paisley Netball Club told the Daily Record: “She was the most bubbly, helpful, attractive and enthusiastic girl. Nothing was too much trouble for her.
“She was a tremendous player and an incredible coach and she was a wonderful ambassador for the sport.
“Her family should be very proud that she was such an amazing young woman.”
Inspector Andy McIlraith has appealed for any witnesses to the collision to contact police on 101.
 