THE names of three officers who were among 10 people killed in the Clutha helicopter crash have been added to the Scottish Police Memorial Helicopter Clutha victims added to police memorial THE names of three officers who were among 10 people killed in the Clutha helicopter crash have been added to the Scottish Police Memorial.

Pilot David Traill, who was attached to the Police Scotland air support unit, and police constables Tony Collins and Kirsty Nelis were killed when the Eurocopter EC 135 they were travelling in went down on the Clutha bar in Glasgow on November 29 last year.
Seven other people inside the bar also died in the crash.
The names of the three officers were added to the Scottish Police Memorial at Tulliallan Police College, Fife, today in a ceremony attended by the Princess Royal and Police Scotland Chief Constable Sir Stephen House.
The memorial was established ten years ago to honour officers who have died in the line of duty. It carries 255 names, with some dating back to 1812.
Four officers have died on duty in the last year and the name of Constable Mark Murtagh, who died when his motorcycle collided with a bus near Earlston in the Borders in May, was added to the memorial along with the three Clutha victims.
Mr House said: “Police officers are committed to serving their local communities, protecting the public and keeping people safe.
“The officers we are commemorating today made an important contribution to the communities they served.
“It is right that we should honour them and that their names be added to the Scottish Police Memorial, a fitting reminder to us all of their contribution to the service and to Scotland. Our thoughts are, as always, with their families and friends.”
Seven other names were added to the memorial today, including constable Richard White, from Dundee City Police, who died in November 1870 after falling and hitting his head, and detective officer William Reid of City of Glasgow Police, who collapsed and died on duty in January 1900.
Christine Fulton MBE, co-founder of the Scottish Police Memorial Trust, said: “The memorial is a tangible reminder to the families that their loved ones’ name will never be forgotten and will live on, not just for this generation but for every generation to come.
“We are honoured that HRH, The Princess Royal was able to join us again today, her support for the families and recognition of their loss is much appreciated.”
 