THE former deputy prime minister was in fighting form when he brought his battle bus to Rutherglen – but Yes voters made their reaction heard loud and clear. Independence referendum: Prescott gets a bruising on No trip to Scotland - Daily Record LABOUR bruiser John Prescott barrelled into a raging political street fight yesterday - and immediately dropped a clanger by touting a British national football team.
The ex-deputy prime minister – who famously punched a man who egged him – is known to relish a bust-up on the campaign trail.
So when Lord Prescott walked off a Labour battle bus into a sea of rowdy Yes and No supporters in Rutherglen, Glasgow, he left the script behind – except for a scrap of paper reminding him where he is (Scotland) and who he’s supporting (Better Together).
And as campaigners chanted over him, the former seaman blurted out a proposal to merge the English and Scottish teams.
He said: “You Scots have started a revolution up here, haven’t you?
“Here’s a revolutionary thought, perhaps if England and Scotland together had one team we could at last beat the Germans.”
Prescott has arrived north of the Border alongside David Cameron , Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg in a last-ditch bid to save the Union after shock polls showed there was all to play for in the contest .

Prescott arrived in Rutherglen with an utterly dejected looking Alistair Darling and Scottish Labour deputy leader Anas Sarwar.
But if the unionist team expected a warm welcome in the Labour stronghold, they would have been shocked to the core by the furious reaction from many.
At times, Prescott could barely be heard over a crowd split 50/50 for and against independence.
As he made his case for Scotland retaining its 300 year union with England, one yes campaigner roared: “Would you still recognise a socialist if you saw one, John?”

He was shouted down by a No supporter who fumed, “Let the man speak”, before chants of “vote yes” rose over the crowd.
In one flashpoint, Yes backer Tony Kenny went toe to toe with No supporter Brian McKenna.
Later Kenny, an unemployed HGV driver from Bridgeton, Glasgow, said: “Someone has to talk about how working people have been abandoned by the London elites from every party who have sold them down the river in exchange for titles, peerages and contracts with the private sector.”
But Labour councillor McKenna said: “The Labour movement has been working hard for working people across Britain for decades.”
Prescott said: “What you’ve started in Scotland is a vigorous and important debate about involvement in democratic decisions.
“I love getting into the debate. It isn’t about shouting, it’s about whether Scotland remains in Britain.”
But Darling looked like a man for whom September 19 can’t come quickly enough. As he left, he was heard whispering nervously to a colleague: “Where’s the car, where’s the car?”
&nbsp;
 