LIVING with his producer wife Dina and daughter Aunjanue in Malibu, California, Tommy says he's more than happy to close the door on wild parties in favour of quiet family life. Glasgow Sons of Anarchy star Tommy Flanagan is loving the quiet life in Malibu as a family man - Daily Record Tough guy actor Tommy Flanagan says he’s loving his quiet life in Malibu far from his hard-living &shy;hardman screen image.
The star of hit biker gang TV show Sons of Anarchy says he gave up wild living to be a good father – and prefers it that way.
Glasgow-born Tommy – who plays Chibs Telford in the biker drama – lives with his producer wife Dina and toddler daughter Aunjanue in Malibu, California, after hanging up his &shy;Hollywood party boots.
The 49-year-old star said: “I’m not a tough guy, I’m a family guy.
“Aunjanue is so cute and she’s been to Scotland twice already, so I’ll have her flying the flag forever.
“She has a mixture of a &shy;Scottish, American and &shy;Mexican accent.
“It’s so funny. She’ll say &shy;Spanish words and then hit out with things like, ‘Aw naw, daddy’, I love it.
“I think I’m a hermit, I just hang out with my wife and kid.
“I’m really not into the &shy;Hollywood scene. I’ve enjoyed it all before and have the T-shirt and I’ve seen the movie.
“It does nothing for me now.”
Tommy advises young people to get out and see the world while they can because it will broaden their horizons and their minds and turn them into a better &shy;person.
He said: “Glasgow is a hard-knock city and I’ve thrown a few punches in my life.
“But I realised there’s a big world out there and I should go explore it.

“I knew being a kid from Easterhouse wasn’t all there was.
“Now I’m in America, which is not bad at all. I couldn’t have expected I’d ever be here.
“I hope young folk realise if they can find some luck and get up off their backside, they can do what they want.
“I don’t even think about the things that happened a long time ago any more.
“It’s beautiful for my kid to grow up here and I’m happy – not that I wouldn’t like to move back to Glasgow.
“To anyone who ever tried to hurt me, I can say I’m in Malibu and have a great &shy;family – f*** you.”
Tommy was slashed across the face by convicted killer David Hughes outside Reds nightclub in Glasgow’s Sauchiehall Street in 1992.
Cocaine dealer Hughes was never arrested for the attack and later apologised to Tommy, then a DJ as well as a painter and decorator.
Hughes was jailed for life in 2009 for &shy;murdering ex-associate Andrew Best in a knife attack. Tommy went on to take up acting with Robert Carlyle at the Raindog theatre group.
He starred in blockbusters including Braveheart and Gladiator before joining Sons of Anarchy.

The show has a cult following in the US and is shown in the UK on Channel Five.
Three-times married Tommy, who has also starred in TV gang drama Peaky Blinders, says landing the role of Chibs six years ago changed his life.
He is still looking back on the events that led him to acting fame as well as his favourite role – as doting dad to &shy;Aunjanue, who was born in 2012.
The actor, who is shooting Sons of &shy;Anarchy’s seventh and final season, said: “I never signed up for fame.
“I started acting in theatre with Robert Carlyle and it set me on a path I couldn’t have &shy;imagined.
“Joining the show woke me up. I didn’t know what I was doing for the five years before.
“I was just travelling the world and bouncing around like a nutter.
“But I got the job of a lifetime, met Dina and now have my daughter.”
Tommy will film Sons of Anarchy until the end of October before starting work on a top secret big budget movie in 2015.
He added: “Acting is such an insecure &shy;business but I have some great stuff coming up. I can’t say too much but I’m starting work on a big movie in January.
“It has &pound;200million budget and top &shy;American actors. I can’t wait to start.”
Tommy still has to reshoot Sons of Anarchy scenes because of his thick &shy;Glasgwegian accent, which he hates being forced to tone down for Tinseltown.
He has mixed emotions about it coming to an end.
 

The star said: “When I started, they loved my accent but I’m still having to redo b****** lines every day.
“When they said they wanted a Glasgow guy, I said I’d do it but that I’d make it real.
“We’re about to start filming the 10th &shy;episode of the last series. I have no time for anything else.
“I’m up at dawn driving to the set on my bike through California. It’s beautiful.
“Even if it’s a 16-hour day, I think, ‘I’m from Easterhouse, how the f*** did I get here?’”
“The show’s been a golden handcuff.
“In one sense, the security is great but it’s time to step back out into the big world of movies.”
He admits to being in the Yes camp for the independence referendum – even though he won’t be able to vote on September 18.
Tommy, who played Morrison in &shy;Braveheart, said: “I’m too late for the referendum, which is too bad.
“I’ve been working like crazy and called home to my mum to sort it out but I was too late.
“Freedom! I’d be voting Yes all the way.”
 