JUNIOR icons will be joined by some from the professional game on Sunday to help raise funds for three worthy causes. Football Legends turn back the clock to raise cash in memory of tragic youngsters - Daily Record LOCAL football icons are set to pull on the boots, renew old rivalries and help raise thousands of pounds for charity this Sunday.
Pollok Legends and Arthurlie Legends will lock horns in the seventh annual Eric Hickey Memorial Trophy at Brig O Lea Stadium in Neilston.
And in a newly expanded format of non-stop action the competition will be boosted by a team of Neilston Legends and a select side, The Vagabonds, making it a four-way mini tournament.
The event has raised tens of thousands of pounds for charity in the past six years and, driven on by the memory of a tragic local youngster, it's expecting to increase that sum considerably this weekend.
One of those charities, The Brightest Star (http://brighteststar.org.uk/), was set-up in memory of little Jack Kennedy who died just days before his sixth birthday in 2012 after contracting a rare virus which attacks the heart.
Despite the best efforts of hospital staff the virus caused significant brain damage and Jack died in hospital surrounded by his family.
His mum and dad, Arlene and Derek, have now set-up The Brightest Star charity to raise money and awareness of the condition in memory of their son.
MacMillan Nurses and Sands, the stillbirth and neonatal death charity, will also benefit from the fundraising afternoon.
This year’s event is being run alongside Gabriel’s Bar in Paisley, who hosted a sportsman’s dinner on Friday to further boost the funding pot.
Organiser Robert Burns is urging fans to get out and support the three causes at this weekend’s clash.
He said: &quot;As always, this year’s causes are truly worthy and have been chosen wisely.
&quot;I know the junior football community pulls together for things like this and I just hope we see a big crowd on the day. The quality of the teams taking part is incredible.
&quot;Some big names from years gone by are signed-up to play and there will be a few guest appearances from ex-Premier League stars.
&quot;We've even got the former Grade One SPL referee John Rowbotham in charge of the action.
&quot;It's promising to be another superb day of football, fun and fundraising.&quot;
Among the players taking part are Pollok icons including Ian Wilson, Kevin O'Neill, Andy McClay and Bryan Dingwall.
Arthurlie fans can reminisce when they see Steven Bonar, Del McCulloch, Lee Sharp and Jimmy Crainey in their side.
Andy Whiteford, Sammy Johnston, Robert Anderson and Alan Waddell are just four of the old favourites set to pull on Neilston's red and white strip again.
And there will be a few familiar faces among The Vagabonds select.
Kick off at Brig O'Lea Stadium in Neilston on Sunday is 1pm. Entry is &pound;5 for adults and &pound;3 for OAPs and children. Under 10s get in for free.
 
And the squads for Sunday:
 
Ian Wilson
Derek Heaton
Steve Aitcheson
Mario Pacitti
Kevin O’Neill
Steven Miller
Derek Wingate
Chris Cruickshanks
John McAulay
Frank Haggarty
Darren Brady
Richie newall
John Tinney
Andy McLay
David McGeown
Gavin Friels
John Paisley
Dryan Dingwall
Simon Black
Mark Donnelly (guest)
Ross McDonald (guest)
　
Steven O’Neill
Stuart Allison Clydebank assistant
Steven Bonar
Ged Gardiner
Derek McCulloch ex Hurlford manager
Robert Brown
Alan McQuade
Lee Martin
Roland Fabiani Ex Arthurlie assistant
Lee Sharp Clyde U20's manager
David Williams
Alan Jack
Kenny Gillies ex Neilston assistant
John Jack
Charlie Hobbs
Jimmy Creaney
David McKenzie St Anthony's assistant
Steven Convery Beith coach
Stephen Connolly
Alan Muir
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Hannigan is ex Neilston assistant
Brian Hewitt
Andrew Whiteford Neilston manager
Denis Connaghan jr
Brian Stevenson ex Neilston manager
David Noble
Gary Sturrock
Chris Kerr
Robert Anderson
Alan Waddell
James McGuire
Craig Ritchie
James Lennox
Sean McGinley
Kenny McQuade
Sammy Johnston ex Neilston manager
Derek Rhodden
&nbsp;
Fraser Wilson
David Gumley
John McKeown Wishaw manager
David Farrell ex Hibs
David Blakey
Kevin Deeney ex Hurlford
Paul McColl Wishaw assistant
Andy McFarlane ex Arthurlie
Jamie McMillian
Steven Bossley
Titan the Monkey Clydebank Mascot
Stewart Maxwell Rob Roy manager
Mark Bradley ex Linlithgow manager
Steve Mallan Auchinleck legend
Paul Courtney ex Cumnock
Brian Johnston Lanark Utd player manager
Steve Dallas Ex Petershill &amp; Clydebank
 