THE Bluebells frontman reveals the extraordinary circumstances surrounding his friendship with pop icon McCartney as the band prepare to launch retrospective album, Exile On Twee Street. Scots guitarist Bobby Bluebell: Cut-price carry-out sealed my friendship with Paul McCartney - Daily Record THEY were the unlikeliest of pop stars, part of a burgeoning jangly guitar Sound of Young Scotland in the 80s.
 Glasgow band The Bluebells enjoyed a string of hits, including Cath, I’m Falling and Young At Heart and graced the covers of teen magazines such as Smash Hits. 
But geeky guitarist Bobby Bluebell, who became the envy of pimply teenage males the length of the UK when he dated Bananarama’s Siobhan Fahey, admits he was too innocent to enjoy the success.
Bobby, who moved to London to live with Siobhan, said: “When we had our first hit, we got an old-fashioned telegram from Paul and Linda McCartney saying they loved our record and did I want to come to a party?
“The rest of the band were in Glasgow and Siobhan couldn’t make it so I thought, ‘I’m still going to go’.
“I bought eight cans of Skol and a bottle of wine because I thought it would be like the parties I went to back in Glasgow.
“I arrived at his house in Mayfair wearing a duffle coat and with the carry-out in a plastic bag.
“There was a red carpet with all these photographers and police around so I went to the door and this guy said, ‘Where do you think you’re going?’ I told him I was going to see Paul because he had invited me to a party. Eventually, Mary McCartney came out and said, ‘Wait there. I’ll go get my dad’.
“Paul came out and just laughed.
“He asked ‘Did you really bring a carry-out?’ Then he turned around to all the celebs and the paparazzi and said, ‘See. There’s one person who is not a hanger-on. These Scots know how to turn up to a party’.
“It was all posh with champagne and canapes. But it was a great night and Paul and I got on great from then on.”
 Get all your entertainment news right here . 
 

Now Bobby, who lives in Glasgow, and his bandmates, including frontman Ken McCluskey, are back with a retrospective album, Exile On Twee Street, being launched at Glasgow’s Mono on Sunday. It includes rarities such as Happy Birthday, an early track on a joint flexi-disc with Del Amitri.
Along with the likes of Orange Juice and Aztec Camera, they helped inspire a generation of Scots acts to pick up guitars.
Despite splitting up in the mid-80s, the band enjoyed a second bite of fame when Young At Heart returned to the charts, spending four weeks at No1 in 1993, after being featured on a Volkswagen TV advert.
Bobby said: “When we first went to London, we were so naive people gave us cocaine and we didn’t know what to do with it. We thought it was Beechams Powders and would put the kettle on.”
He added: “The trouble with Young At Heart was that we went from being this little indie band on the Postcard label to being this rubbish chart band with an annoying song with fiddles.
“That song is so distinctive and so annoying.”
 

Young At Heart would return to annoy Bobby once again in 2002.
Fiddle player Bobby Valentino won &pound;100,000 in a court case after successfully arguing he should have been credited as co-composer for that unforgettable violin part. The Bluebells admit that being marketed as a boy band by their label didn’t help matters.
Ken said: “We didn’t wear make-up. But as soon as we were on the cover of Smash Hits and on MTV, the make-up ladies would come in and say you need a little bit of make-up and we ended up looking like pantomime dames.”
Several producers, including Elvis Costello, had attempted to add gloss to the band’s sound.
Ken said: “Elvis taught me how to use a microphone properly. He was like a teacher.
“We had lots of producers but when it came to Mike Batt from The Wombles I was like, ‘F*** that’. We went round to his fantastic house in Hyde Park. He had a Batman shirt and a Batman tie on and jacket.
“He said, ‘I’ve chosen you for a very specific reasons. You write really good songs and you sing really well but is that enough?’
“We were waiting for him to tell us we needed bigger noses and a furry costume and to start picking up litter around town. He was a nice man, though.”
The band got back together in 2008 for a handful of gigs and recently played as part of the Commonwealth Games cultural festival. Having lived in London, Bobby returned to Glasgow some years ago and is watching the referendum unfold with interest.
“Whatever you think of the referendum, it’s exciting,” he said. “You will never get the chance to do this again. It’s an emotional issue.”
Bobby often puts his hit-making talents to work for other acts now.
He said: “For a while I was writing songs for everybody, including Sinead O’Connor and Bon Jovi.
“The favourite one was working with Brian Wilson for his daughter on Wilson Phillips’s album, on a song called Miracle.”
The Beach Boys legend came down with his wife, who was in a full nurse’s uniform, with an MTV crew.
“He’s supposed to be mental but he knew exactly what he was doing.
“His daughter and I had worked on a song and she told him it was a great song and he asked, ‘Did I write this?’ He was singing terribly out of tune but he was just taking the p**s, then he sang it fantastic.
“He ad-libbed at the end and I was delighted to have my name next to Brian Wilson on a song.
“With Sinead O’Connor, we worked on a song called Hold Back The Night. When you go and write with people, sometimes you are told before that you have to do what’s called ‘blood the fox’, which means giving a cut of the song to the artist.
“Sinead said it was a beautiful song and I asked her what cut she wanted of it.
“She said, ‘I don’t want anything, I didn’t write it’. And it was the first time I’d ever heard those words.
“It’s fun writing with Texas and I feel part of it but other times it is really embarrassing.
“Sometimes you turn up to see people like Ronan Keating and it’s like being on The X Factor.
“I remember turning up to meet Marti Pellow and he asked, ‘Have you any bread to break?’
“I was like, ‘What?’
“He asked, ‘What have you brought to the table?’ and asking me to do my party piece.
 “I didn’t know what he was talking about and nothing came  of it. It was at the time he was living in Squeeze singer Glenn Tilbrook’s house and he was talking in riddles.” 
He added: “Marti’s all right, though. He’s a great singer and has some great stories.
“I remember he told me he came up to Glasgow and got a taxi at the airport and said, ‘Clydebank’.
“The guy turned left towards Glasgow and locked the doors.
“Marti asked where he was being taken and the taxi driver told him to ‘shut the f*** up’.
“Marti was convinced he was going to get a doing and had worked out that he could headbutt the guy and run for it. Eventually, the taxi driver got out at the Red Road flats, locked the doors and left Marti sitting there in the taxi alone.
“The driver returned 10 minutes later with all his family and neighbours and said, ‘Look. Marti Pellow’s in my taxi’ then drives him to Clydebank and charges him full fare. That was the price of fame.”
■ The Bluebells launch Exile On Twee Street at Glasgow’s Mono on Sunday at 8pm.
 