NORWEGIANS Marianne Krog-Sand and Ottar Alme organised their dream wedding in Argyll and friends and relatives flew over from their homeland. Kind villagers save newly-weds' big day after coach company leaves 100 guests stranded - Daily Record KIND villagers rallied round to save a bride’s big day after a coach company left 100 guests stranded.
Norwegians Marianne Krog-Sand and Ottar Alme organised their dream wedding in Argyll and friends and relatives flew over from their homeland.
On the eve of the wedding, the coach firm told Marianne their bus had broken down.
They found another company to get guests from their hotel in Tarbet to Ardrishaig Parish Church.
But the coach was booked for later in the day and couldn’t get them to the reception at Stonefield Castle.
 

Minister’s wife Ruth Carruthers saved the day just two hours before Marianne and Ottar tied the knot. She phoned everyone she knew with a car in the village.
And when the happy couple left the kirk, a convoy of cars was waiting for their guests.
Marianne,&nbsp;46, said: “We thought getting to the church in time was the most important thing and we would have to figure out afterwards how to get ‘home’.
 

“Then when we got out of the church, the Rev David Carruthers came to us and pointed at all the cars lined up outside of the church and said that all those local people had turned up to take us back to Stonefield.
“We were so surprised and happy.
“Ottar and myself were meant to go on the bus but on the day we ended up taking one of&nbsp;our guest’s rental cars.
“This incident really made us so happy and grateful for the Scottish hospitality. Ruth Carruthers made our day.”
 

Sixteen&nbsp;car-owners answered the call for help on August 30. Other guests used their hire cars.
Ruth&nbsp;said she found out there was no bus at 10.10am. She said: “I started ringing people.
“Lots of people were away for the weekend and&nbsp;for some I just left a message saying, ‘If you are back in time, please clean your car and get here’.”
The couple, who live near Oslo, married in Scotland because Ottar, 45, was born in Glasgow, studied there and fell in love with Argyll.
 