AROUND one third of people think house prices will fall under independence - but one third think they will rise. Independence referendum: Opinion divided over effect of Yes vote on house prices finds survey - Daily Record ALMOST a third of people think house prices in Scotland will fall if the country becomes independent while about the same number believe prices will rise, a new survey has found.
More than 1200 people took part in the s1homes survey, which aims to gather views on what impact an independent Scotland might have on the property market north of the border.
The results so far show that people are divided on the impact of a Yes vote.
They revealed that 32 per cent of people believe independence could cause the value of their house to fall while 31 per cent think it will lead to a price increase.

A further 24 per cent said they did not know while 13 per cent said they did not believe Scotland would vote to leave the union.
Almost half of those surveyed - 46 per cent - said independence would make it harder to get a mortgage while 19 per cent said it would be easier. The remaining 35 per cent said it would be no different.
Despite uncertainty over the result of the&nbsp;referendum&nbsp;and the potential rise or fall in property prices, 59 per cent of people said that thereferendum&nbsp;has no influence on their decision to buy or sell at the moment.

Ewan Stark, s1 managing director, said the survey revealed a &quot;feeling of trepidation&quot; among Scots over the future of mortgages and interest rates.
&quot;The prospect of Scottish independence continues to divide the country and the results of our survey reveal that there is little agreement on what independence would mean for Scotland's property market either,&quot; he said.
A survey by rental firm Citylets found that 58 per cent of private renters who have made up their mind on which way they are going to vote, support independence.
Citylets polled 500 people who rent properties in Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen and Dundee.
 