LEE-ANNE Smith hired Carolann Mullin to exercise her beloved French bulldog Coco. But she was left shocked when a vet told her the two-year-old had died just a few hours later. Heartbroken woman tells of her grief after beloved pet dies hours after being left with dog-walker - Daily Record A HEARTBROKEN woman has told of her grief after her beloved pet died just hours after being left in the care of a dog-walker.
Lee-Anne Smith hired Carolann Mullin to exercise her beloved French bulldog Coco. But she was left shocked when a vet told her the two-year-old had died just a few hours later.
Another dog left in Mullin’s care is said to have died at the same time. Now Mullin – who ran Doggy Trickz – has been probed by police.
Officers have reported the 38-year-old to the procurator fiscal after investigating the incident.
Lee-Anne, 33, who owns another bulldog called Chloe, said: “It’s like sending your kids to school and telling them to have fun, then one of them doesn’t come home.
“She didn’t die in her own bed or in my arms. They’re my kids, my babies. It’s heartbreaking.
“She left at 12.30pm and by 3.30pm I’m going to see her in the vet and she’s dead. I trusted Mullin or I wouldn’t have let her take them.”
Lee-Anne says she got a call from Mullin who told her Coco couldn’t breathe. The dog was then rushed to a nearby vet who failed to revive it.
 

A French mastiff named Bear, who was in Mullin’s care, also died.
It later emerged that the van she normally used for her dog-walking business was off the road. It’s claimed that she hired another vehicle which had poor ventilation and no cages.
Lee-Anne, who lives in Glasgow’s Merchant City with husband Ron, says she fell to the floor when a vet in Kirkintilloch told her Coco had died.
She added: “It was like someone had run me over.”
 Lee-Anne said it was 21C when the incident happened in July. She added: “When my husband spoke to Mullin, she  said her usual van wasn’t working and she had used a hire van.” 
Lee-Anne reported the incident to Police Scotland the next day.
Bear’s owner Chris Dolan, of Lenzie, near Glasgow, says Mullin hasn’t apologised. He added: “I’m devastated.”
Doggy Trickz have shut down. Mullin said: “I’ve lost my life, company, everything. I’m very upset. I loved those dogs.”
The Crown Office said: “The procurator fiscal at Hamilton received a report concerning a 38-year-old woman.”
 