THE US Rockers are also looking forward to playing in Glasgow after making one of the best albums of their career. Crows frontman Adam Duritz on why they signed for a record company after years of independence plus what it’s like to hit 50 - Daily Record COUNTING Crows frontman Adam Duritz is counting down the years after turning 50 as he and his US rockers have made one of the best albums of their career.
Adam, who suffers from depersonalisation disorder (DPD), which he describes as “a dissociative disorder, that makes the world seem like it’s not real”, might not go so far as to say he’s having a midlife crisis.
But he admits the milestone of reaching a half-century has given him pause for thought.
“It’s a weird thing. When I was younger and I felt like I wasn’t getting anywhere, I was very concerned with my age,” he said.
“When you are a musician or a painter and you are in your 20s, it can be very scary because you are doing this great and fascinating thing but you do not know where your life is going.
“I can see why people get upset but when I turned 30 and 40 I had accomplished things. I had made a mark and was continuing to do that. But somehow that does not completely apply to 50. It is different. I don’t know why.
“Maybe it is because I remember my grandmother at 50 when I was a kid and now it might be time to re-evaluate things.
“Maybe I need to start thinking about things now, about having a relationship that lasts more than 24 hours or having kids. For the first time in my life since I was young, I have started to feel that I have fallen behind again.”
Counting Crows are back with a new album having been without a label during the making of seventh record Somewhere Under Wonderland.
But Adam knew they had found the right record company to release their latest album when the Capitol Records CEO and chairman Steve Barnett picked out an eight-minute song as the first one people should hear.
And Adam was happy with the label, famous for American releases by The Beatles and Frank Sinatra, over other indies and majors because he hit it off so well with Steve.
They both agreed on the brilliant and epic opening track Palisades Park.
Regarding the deal, Adam said: “I really wanted Palisades Park to be the first thing anyone heard of this record.
“I wasn’t sure how to bring that up in a meeting with someone who you want to make a deal with. Do you say, ‘Hey, I have this eight-and-a-half minute song that I think is great and we should release it first.’?
“I was unsure of how to bring that up but we were sitting in with Steve, playing music.
“Palisades came on and he asked to hear it again and turned around and said that it should be the first song people should hear off this record whether we sign with Capitol or not.
“He suggested we make a film and we did make one. I’m not used to record companies being so creative that they are ahead of you.
“Usually, if you don’t keep an eye on them, they drop the ball. But not only were these guys coming up with fresh and original ideas but they followed through with them.
“It’s a completely refreshing experience for me. It’s the perfect place for us because they appreciate all the things on the record. This record was done before we were ever on Capitol. We made the record independently and I really loved being independent the last few years.
“It was so great not to have the headache and frustration of dealing with a label and all of the incompetence and all the craziness that goes on.
“You know what I mean by that. It drives you up the f****** wall.
“You don’t have the reach when you are independent, but there’s just no headaches.
“You are back to making music and then going on tour to play music and nobody drives you crazy all day.
“It was wonderful to be independent. I had no plans to go back to a label.
“We were making this record on our own, which I thought we would always do.
“We were finished the first few weeks of recording before Christmas and our manager said we might have lots of choices if he took the stuff out and played it to people.
“It was just rough and we had only been in the studio but I said, ‘Go ahead because there’s nothing wrong with having choices’. Pretty much everybody offered us a deal. We went back and finished the record.
“We talked about the labels and we had a choice of independents and majors and we had demands of our own that were important like no multiple record deals. I’m done with those years of people going half-assed working with us because they know they have us for another record.
“No more. We told everyone this is a one-record deal. And we weren’t looking for big money, we just wanted partners to do a good job. We talked to people about how they would do it.
“I thought the people at Capitol were really great. I shocked myself by signing to a label. We split everything.
“It is cool because it is Capitol Records. It’s The Beatles and Frank Sinatra, which is cool to me as a record geek.”
The album, along with the single God of Ocean Tides, is being released this week.
“I’m generally really happy with all our records, but I really love this one,” Adam said.
“You never know how other people are going to react to them, but people are really reacting to this one. It’s very listenable and people latch on. The people seem to really like that song.”
The band sound energised and fresh on an album that fans of the band are sure to love as well as surprising a few of those yet to catch on to why Counting Crows have sold 20million albums to date.
Discussing the making of the latest release, Adam said: “I think we are, you know, loving and hating. There is certainly a lot of fighting that goes into the making of a record.
“I don’t think we have ever worked as fast as we did on this album.
“We came off the best year and a half of touring in our lives. We were playing better than we had ever played before. We were ready to make a record at that point.”
Another track, Dislocation, was inspired by Adam growing up in Berkeley, California, during a period of hedonism and teenage abandon.
“The song is informed by my fascination with both the Factory period in New York in the late 60s, the Warhol period, and about 10 years later with the advent of punk in America,” he said.
“So it’s somewhere from the Velvet Underground to Iggy Pop. There’s an adrogeny in that period with Bowie and Iggy Pop and Lou Reed. I moved from Texas out to California when I was a kid and ended up in Berkeley, California.
“There was a whole thing going on in San Francisco where a whole group of people who had been repressed for years in a way I could never understand found themselves able to do anything they wanted to do.
“Especially before AIDS came out, this was hedonism on a grand scale. And they weren’t checking IDs at the door.
“So we were 14 and would sneak over there and get into these bars. The sexual part of it didn’t register with me at all.
“I was too young for it to register with me. But the liberation of it and the sense of insane hedonistic freedom of people who had come from Ohio to this town where they could dress up in women’s clothing and the women were running around topless.
“I grew up and watched that. Nobody was preying on us. We were just kids going over there and getting drunk. It was difficult not to get intoxicated by that freedom.
“The song is informed by that and the fact that we were kids on the fringes seeing what they were doing. The song is concerned with the friendship and the friendship is formed in the crucible of life lived on the fringes and very free.”
Meanwhile, he has voiced his frustration over the reports that he signed up to dating website Tinder. “That’s such a silly thing. I’ve been on it forever,” he said.
“Everyone I know is on it. It’s like a video game that everyone is on. I don’t even think about it. It’s like Solitaire.
“I know I am a good person so I have no shame in talking about it. I’m not ashamed of being on Tinder. Yeah. I’m on Tinder and it’s not a big part of my life.
“There seems to be this great suggestion that we should all be ashamed of our lives. I don’t see it that way.
“I can’t do online dating. There’s no way.
“If this is what happens with Tinder, I would be outed in two seconds but what I think people have realised is it’s no worse than a bar.
“I like bars but bars are theoretically a bad place to meet the person you are going to spend your life with. Whereas everybody is online. I have so many friends who do it that I know it is absolutely normal.”
Counting Crows return to Scotland to play the O2 Academy Glasgow on Sunday, November 2.
“Scotland is not one of those places you forget because Barrowlands is not a forgettable place,” said Adam.
“Every young band at some point, if you go through the UK, goes to Barrowlands. It has been the place to play for 30 years.
“I have very clear memories of playing there and some insane shows too.
“First of all, my crew and the nightmare of going up the stairs with all of the equipment.
“I’m kind of glad I don’t do it any more because my crew have been with me for 20 years so when they feel pain I feel pain and if I don’t they’ll make me. Barrowlands was never something crews loved, although they loved the gig as a gig. Even they could appreciate that but nobody wants to carry a Hammond B3 organ up all those stairs.
“I had a friend who played for the Claymores. I remember being over there and having haggis for dinner. I have a lot of memories because we always used to start those tours in Scotland.
“My favourite memory of Glasgow was when we were opening for Cracker and David Lowry walked up onstage and said, ‘tonight for one night only our band name is Worldwide Squirrels’.
“I sat there in the audience while a couple of thousand people tried to say that name for three hours.
“The audience kept mumbling Worldwide Squirrels while Cracker were playing.
“Those are words that don’t go well together for Glaswegians at all.
“It was like people were choking. I was going to call an EMT after a while.”
 