Belle's parents were told that Belle had one of the most common forms of leukaemia, it was treatable and the cure rate was over 90 per cent. The downside to this was the treatment would be gruelling and would last two-and-a-half years. Brave battler Belle, 3, takes cancer in her stride - Daily Record Gorgeous Belle Murray is is battling acute lymphoblastic leukaemia and is facing more than two years of gruelling treatment.
Her shock diagnosis came at the end of June after weeks of feeling poorly.
Mum Jennifer, 43, said: “Belle had a temperature and was really pale for about three or four weeks. 
“I had her at the GP four times, and at first they thought it was a virus or chicken pox.
“But when she didn’t get any better, and also started vomiting, I began to think something was seriously wrong. She is a real livewire usually and had become so lethargic.”
Jennifer and husband Daniel decided to take Belle to A&amp;E at Crosshouse on June 22 and within an hour or so they had the news they were dreading.
Jennifer, who is also mum to Jake, 20, Holly, 17, and Amber 13, said: “I had been worried anyway but it was still a shock. We were told that Belle needed a blood transfusion and antibiotics and an ambulance was being organised to take her to Yorkhill. We went up to Glasgow with her and ended up being there for the next five weeks.”
The couple were told that Belle had one of the most common forms of leukaemia, it was treatable and the cure rate was over 90 per cent.
The downside to this was the treatment would be gruelling and would last two-and-a-half years.
Jennifer said: “We are now at week 12 of the treatment plan and Belle is a star. It is just something we have to all get through, especially Belle, obviously. She is coping brilliantly and so far is doing well.
“When a child is diagnosed it doesn’t just affect them. It obviously affects them the most and they have to endure the treatment, but everyone else in the family is affected by it.
“It’s like throwing a pebble into a pond and watching all the ripples. It has an impact on everyone.”
Jennifer and Daniel were keen to highlight Belle’s story in Childhood Cancer Awareness Month to highlight what Belle, her family and the other families at Yorkhill are going through.
She said: “What some of these children and their families are going through is unbelievable. If this month raises awareness of that just a little bit then it will be well worth it.
“It really is a very humbling place. Belle’s situation is bad enough, but there is always someone worse off than you. It is horrendous what kids are having to endure just trying to get better.”
As a way of giving back, Belle’s family and friends have started to fundraise for Yorkhill.
Jennifer said: “It is Belle going through the treatment and we have to sit and watch. It is frustrating at times, you feel so helpless, so we decided to start doing practical things to help, like donating blood and doing the Yorkhill sponsored walk. We raised over &pound;500.
“Belle’s diagnosis was a huge shock and heartbreaking for us as a family. But we are no longer constantly on the edge of despair. We are now adapting to a new kind of normal, which is horrendous in itself, but also necessary to get Belle better.
“We don’t think about the future much, it is a day at a time and every day that passes brings Belle closer to the end of the treatment.”
Jennifer has also set up a www.justgiving.com/Belle-Murray to raise funds for Leukaemia and Lymphoma Research. Please donate if you can.
 