FORMER Glasgow private schoolgirl Aqsa Mahmood vows to target Western infidels and destroy their countries in a hate-filled rant. Scots Jihadi's chilling vow: I'll kill or be killed and die a martyr - Daily Record JIHADI bride Aqsa Mahmood yesterday vowed to kill for her twisted cause – and die a martyr.
In a hate-filled rant online, the Scot issued chilling threats to western leaders.
She wrote: “You and your countries will be beneath our feet and your infidels will be destroyed.”
Former Glasgow private schoolgirl Mahmood, 20, insisted there was a war on Islam and demanded fellow Muslims “pick a side”.
And she renounced the parents who declared their love and pleaded for her return just a week ago, declaring that her fellow Islamic State fanatics were her true family.
Mahmood, who quit university to travel to war-torn Syria and join IS, wrote: “The family you get in exchange for leaving the ones behind are like the pearl in comparison to the shell you threw away into the foam of the sea which is the international Islamic community.

“The reason for this is because your love for one another is purely for the sake of Allah.
“The strengh of the brotherhood and sisterhood here is most definitely shown through difficulties where someone who has no blood ties with you and not even a relation will make sure if their Muslim sister is in need of anything and if there is any problems.”
She also wrote: “Please pray for a sinful servant of Allah that he out of his mercy bestows on me the honour of shahadah (martyrdom).”
Mahmood’s parents Muzaffar, 51, and Khalida, 43, last week put aside their heartbreak to offer reconciliation to their daughter.
But last night, they took a harder line after being outraged by her statement. Family spokesman Aamer Anwar said: “The family are deeply angry after reading her response to their appeal.

“They believe she is brainwashed if she thinks IS are now her real family. They are a barbaric organisation who commit genocide and murder innocent people. The family feel that she has destroyed their lives and continues to do so by writing these things.
“There is nothing in Islam that allows a child to treat their parents and family in such a way. The family feel she is a disgrace to them, to Muslims, and the people of Scotland.”
Mahmood, of Pollokshields, Glasgow, became obsessed with “helping” in Syria after witnessing civil war break out last year. Soon after she arrived there, she sent her father a message to say she had married an IS fighter.
She illustrated her Twitter account, now closed down, with an IS black flag. But despite her hatred of the west, she tweeted about how much she missed Irn-Bru, western snacks and Disney movies.
In her blog post, she wrote of herself and her fellow western jihadis: “We make it known to the world that never has our allegiance been to the Scottish, British, Swedish, American or Canadian governments.
“Know this Cameron and Obama, you and your countries will be beneath our feet and your infidels will be destroyed. If not you, then your grandchildren or their grandchildren.
“We have conquered these lands once and we will do it again. This Islamic Empire shall be known and feared worldwide.”
Mahmood also scoffed at calls for western governments to seize extremists’ passports.
 

She wrote: “So our answer to our passports being confiscated? Biggest joke of this week. The only time we will ever, ever return to those lands is to raise our flag. My allegiance is and will only be to our beloved Ameer, destroyer of the enemies, Abu Bakr al Baghdadi and to the Islamic State.”
She also denounced western consumerism. She wrote: “Most sisters I have come across have been in university studying courses with promising paths, with big, happy families and friends and everything.
“If we had stayed behind, we could have been blessed with it all from a relaxing and comfortable life and lots of money.
“That’s not what we want. In these lands, we are rewarded for our sacrifices. There is something so pleasurable to know what you have has been taken off from the infidels and handed to you personally by Allah as a gift.
“Some of the many things include kitchen appliances … fridges, cookers, ovens, microwaves, milkshake machines, hoovers and cleaning products, fans and most importantly a house with free electricity and water.
&quot;Sounds great but all those who have left their luxuries behind will be taken care by Allah and given an even bigger reward in the afterlife.”
She added: “We are seen as ruthless cold-hearted youth who have no care and love for their relations whom they have left behind. Where we have left families heartbroken and in danger.”
She signed off with a warmongering appeal to fellow Muslims to join the jihad. She wrote: “This is a war against Islam. Either you’re with them or with us. So pick a side.”
●The word shahid – plural shahada – means martyr, especially a person who suffers or dies to affirm the truth of a belief system. Martyrdom in Sunni Islam has been closely associated with death in battle.

 