AS Raymond Henderson, Paul has been on River City since the first day of filming but he made his exit last week, in a fog of exhaust fumes as the character was murdered. No regrets: Former River City actor Paul Samson on his life after Shieldinch - Daily Record WHEN River City resumed filming following its &shy;summer break, Paul &shy;Samson went back to work as he has done for the last 12 years.
Leaving his home in St Andrews, he headed down the east coast to Edinburgh instead of travelling west to the Shieldinch set in Dumbarton, where he has worked since 2002.
As Raymond Henderson, Paul has been on River City since the first day of filming but he made his exit last week, in a fog of exhaust fumes as the character was murdered by corrupt councillor Frank Paton, who feared he would expose his dodgy land.
The sting has been taken out of his departure by a role in new play Kill Johnny Glendenning, which begins a run at the Royal Lyceum Theatre in Edinburgh this week.
But he admits he is still coming to terms with a departure that leaves just Deirdre Davis, Johnny Beattie and Stephen Purdon as the last remaining original characters.
He said: “It was a shock but I’m 52, I’m old school, nobody owes me a living. I worked before and I’ll work again.
“If anyone thinks River City is the be-all-and-end-all of their life, they need to get a life.
“River City was a fantastic job but that’s all it was, a job.
“My family’s more important, my boy, my pals and the truth of the &shy;matter is I have every confidence.
“I finished River City and I came for this a week later. That took the curse off the &shy;summer for me.
“Of course it was a blow but if you look at 12 years, there’s hardly any of the originals left now. Maybe it’s the right time.”
Paul was told the decision in a phone call to his agent.
He wasn’t expecting it but having been at the heart of the show’s 10-year anniversary episodes in 2012, which saw Raymond murder gangster Sean Kennedy, soap justice was likely to come calling eventually.
He didn’t want to go but he respects the decision and remains grateful to the show for all it gave him.
Paul, who is married to Margaret and has a son, Sean, 15, said: “When you kill someone in a soap, which I did in the 10th anniversary, sometimes there needs to be retribution.
“There have been ups and downs but my character has been one of the most consistently best served by the writers and producers.
“I have had fantastic stories, I have been at the centre of it for most of the 12 years and the way I went out is a big thing. Short of them giving me a pension, it couldn’t be better.”
He holds no grudges about how he was treated. He was told in plenty of time, taken in for a chat, handed a terrific storyline and then given a great send-off by his colleagues.
He added: “Some people go out for a paper and never come back. They could have done that to me.
“You will never hear me saying a bad word about River City.”
While he is enjoying being back on stage, it is also a return to the nitty gritty of being an actor and he admits his future is uncertain right now.
 He said: “Essentially, I am going back on the tools. There’s an  adjustment there. I am having a great time but it’s early days. 
“I am at a crossroads because I have been doing something which has been rewarding financially, creatively, for your ego and all the rest of it.
“It’s like being the manager of bank and now I am back working behind the counter.”
In Kill Johnny Glendenning, he plays a gangster turned businessman heading for a showdown with Johnny “The b******” Glendenning, an Ulster loyalist gunman who has moved to Ayrshire.
Getting to play an out-and-out villain in the comedy drama, which transfers to Glasgow’s Citizen’s Theatre next month, is a throwback to Raymond’s beginnings.
He said: “I’m usually against these actor clich&eacute;s but for some reason bad guys are the best to play.
“I can’t wait. I’m a performer. I want to be out there.”
 