THE singer songwriter performed her stripped-down reworking of the Deacon Blue song in rehearsal for new National Theatre of Scotland marathon Blabbermouth Video: Singer Karine Polwart records new version of Dignity for Daily Record readers ahead of referendum - Daily Record SINGER Karine Polwart has recorded a new version of working class anthem Dignity for Daily Record readers ahead of the referendum.
The singer songwriter performed her stripped-down reworking of the Deacon Blue song in rehearsal for new National Theatre of Scotland marathon Blabbermouth.
The 12 hour event will be held in Edinburgh the day before the big vote, and will feature a host of well-known actors, authors and musicians singing or reciting influential Scottish writing in 120 performances.
Karine chose Deacon Blue’s song as it reflects her hopes for Scottish society in the run-up to 18 September.
Karine said: “Dignity is really very important just now, whatever way you’re thinking of voting. It’s one of the core values of any functioning democratic society. And it’s a classic pop song, a beautiful poignant hopeful song.

“It’s a historic day, the day before the referendum, and there’s going to be some amazing people talking and some finest writing that there has ever been in Scotland. The songs have been great craic to pull together.”
The Blabbermouth setlist, performed both in a full band and stripped-down setting, includes work by Robert Burns, Michael Marra and The Proclaimers, whose anthem Cap In Hand - a recent Amazon download chart-topper - will be played at the event.
Karine said: “We’re doing Matt McGinn’s Looking For a Job, Michael Marra’s Like Another Rolling Stone, Billy Connolly’s I Wish I Was In Glasgow, a really slow and plaintive version of The Whole of The Moon by The Waterboys and a sort of Flying Pickets version of&nbsp; Moving On Up by Primal Scream. Bobby Gillespie will be mortified.

“It’s significant that it’s being performed at the General Assembly Hall on The Mound, because everything began to take shape there, it’s where the whole devolution process began. “ “Blabbermouth isn’t about the decision, it’s about the fact that we live in a place where something like this is possible. People in other parts of the world are fighting and dying for that opportunity. It’s amazing that we have a peaceable and civil way to talk about things.
Karine was joined at rehearsals by a host of fellow musicians to perform a version of Oh Dear Me written by late Scottish poet Mary Brooksbank.
She said:&nbsp; “She’s the only woman whose words are inscribed in the wall of the Scottish Parliament.
“The lyric is, ‘Oh, dear me, the warld’s ill-divided, Them that work the hardest are aye wi’ least provided.’ Her voice is really vital at the moment I think.”
Others taking part in the Blabbermouth marathon include poet Liz Lochhead, Taggart’s Colin McCredie, rapper MC Soom T, Hollywood movie composer Patrick Doyle, River City creator Stephen Greenhorn, Deacon Blue’s Ricky Ross and Lorraine McIntosh, author Janice Galloway and actor Douglas Henshall.
Blabbermouth, Assembly on The Mound, 17 September from 12pm. For tickets visit nationaltheatrescotland.com .
 