THE furious protesters, who marched from Glasgow city centre to BBC Scotland's HQ, called for Nick Robinson to be sacked over his alleged bias in the independence referendum debate. Independence referendum: Yes campaigners protest outside BBC Scotland HQ over political editor Nick Robinson's 'biased' coverage - Daily Record YES campaigners laid siege to the BBC yesterday to protest at alleged bias in their coverage of the referendum.
Protesters estimated more than 4000 people joined a march from Glasgow city centre to the broadcaster’s Pacific Quay HQ where a police cordon was thrown around the building.
The police later estimated the crowd to number no more than a thousand.
The independence supporters claim that the state broadcaster has failed to cover both sides of the debate fairly.
And that anger boiled over last week when the Beeb’s political editor Nick Robinson claimed Alex Salmond refused to answer his question at a press conference .
Alternative footage of the exchange, which has gone viral on the internet, shows Salmond giving a six-minute answer that Yes campaigners believe addressed all the points raised by Robinson.
Many of the crowd who marched on the BBC called for Robinson to lose his job.
One huge banner carried the slogan: “Sack Nick “the liar” Robinson. A totally corrupt journalist. These days typical of the British Biased Corporation.”
Placards branded the Beeb “The British Brainwashing Corporation” while others read “Boycott Biased Coverage” and “Auntie Beeb, Anti-Democracy, Anti-Truth”.
Dozens of massive Saltire flags were unfurled as the crowd chanted “BBC, shame on you” and “Where’s your cameras now BBC?”
All your latest referendum news here.

Demonstrator Gordon Armstrong, 54, a joiner from East Kilbride, said: “The coverage of the referendum has been an absolute disgrace.
“The Robinson incident was the last straw for me.
“No matter how they try to cover it up, the truth is there on social media for everyone to see – he gave a six-minute answer.
“I have Italian relatives and there have been articles in the Italian media about how biased the BBC has been on this.
“It must be pretty bad when even they can see what’s going on. It’s like living in Soviet Russia.
“On Saturday, for example, there were about 10,000 people involved in a Yes rally in the centre of Glasgow, but the BBC instead reported on the Orange Walk in Edinburgh in support of the No campaign.”
Mum-of-two Eleanor Maxwell, 56, of Giffnock, Glasgow, was also at the rally.
She said: “I feel completely betrayed and let down by the BBC. I thought they could be trusted but they have completely lost their way on this.
“Scots on holiday are getting more information on the poll from foreign news channels than they are at home.
“People are going on social media and finding another world of information and wondering why that isn’t being reflected by the BBC.”
 

The BBC have repeatedly rejected claims that their coverage has been biased
A spokesman said: “We believe it has been fair and impartial and has adhered fully to the requirements of our editorial and referendum guidelines.”
But the state broadcaster’s coverage has been criticised by Paul Mason, former economics editor on the BBC’s flagship Newsnight show who now works at Channel 4 News.
He wrote on his Facebook page: “Not since Iraq have I seen BBC News working at propaganda strength like this. So glad I’m out of there.”
When asked whether the BBC was biased in a weekend interview, Alex Salmond said: “Yes, absolutely, but they don’t realise they’re biased.
“It’s the unconscious bias which is the most extraordinary thing of all.
“If the BBC were covering any referendum, in any democracy, anywhere in the world, they would cover it impeccably, in a balanced fashion.
“What they don’t understand is they are players in this.” Commenting on yesterday’s protest, Labour MP Ian Davidson said: “First it was the banks and some of the largest employers in Scotland. Now it’s the BBC.

“When RBS announced plans to relocate their HQ to London the nationalists didn’t care about the risks to our economy. They complained about emails to journalists.
“When the retailers said prices would go up, nationalists didn’t care that Scots families would face higher costs. They moaned about how the retailers spoke out.
“It’s clear after today’s protest that far from being a Scottish Broadcasting Service, the nationalists want a Salmond Broadcasting Service.”
Gordon Brown names date for Commons talks on increased powers for Scottish Parliament
 