AS Maid Marian in a comic romp set 10 years after a messy divorce with Robin Hood, she stars alongside comedy double act Cannon and Ball. Sit-com veteran Su Pollard is Maid Marian – now divorced from Robin Hood and with a proper job as a nurse– in slapstick romp - Daily Record HA Ha Hood has something that hits the bullseye for everyone according to star of the show Su Pollard.
As Maid Marian in a comic romp set 10 years after a messy divorce with Robin Hood, she stars alongside comedy double act Cannon and Ball.
The trio have all been family favourites for generations, Su in particular with classic sitcoms Hi-de-Hi and You Rang, M’Lord?, and it has been reflected in the audiences.
She said: “It’s a bit like a panto, a stand-up, farce, slapstick comedy, it’s just really a pop parade pleasure.&nbsp;
“There is something for everyone. There have been audience members who are 90 and some who are 10.
“It’s been written to appeal across the board and I think they like it because it is an affectionate send-up, if you like, of mythical characters everyone knows. &nbsp;
“Of course, everyone is encouraged to join in Monty Python’s song Robin Hood, Robin Hood, Riding through the Glen.&nbsp;
“It’s just great to see audiences of all ages enjoying the same wonderful production.
“As long as something is good and it appeals to people, you don’t necessarily have to have an age group.”
She has worked with Tommy Cannon and Bobby Ball before in variety shows and it is as well they get on as the trio have to muck in on Ha Ha Hood.
She said: “Ben Langley, who wrote it, likes to put together a community theatre feel so you don’t have any dressers.
“We help to dress each other and you have to put the props on stage yourself.
“Once I put a prop on in the wrong act, never mind the wrong scene, but it doesn’t really matter because you share with the audience, you say that’s a cock-up and it is in the spirit of the show, they have just lapped it up and laughed.&nbsp;
“Tommy and Bobby are fantastic. We seem to work really well together, we have worked at the script and tried to make it as fun as we can for the audience. &nbsp;
“I think it’s an excellent bit of casting – they have a lot of stage experience and will bring a real strength to the show because they’re such a great double act.”
Ha Ha Hood, which follows on from the successful Ha Ha Holmes production that spoofed Sherlock Holmes and starred Su’s friend and colleague Joe Pasquale, is heading to Scotland next where it will play in both Glasgow and Edinburgh. She is particularly looking forward to Glasgow, where she will &nbsp;be playing the Theatre Royal, one of her favourite theatres. She said: “You have never seen the beauty of it.”
Su is perfect casting for Maid Marian as she comes from Nottingham, home of the legend of Robin Hood, &nbsp;who robs from the rich and gives to the poor, and she reckons the outlaw’s muse doesn’t get the credit she deserves.
She said: “When you think about it she was very, very before her time. There was never any inference they were married. I think she was probably one of the first women who lived in sin.
“My Marian is very different. She’s gutsy. After her divorce from Robin 10 years ago, she thought, ‘Get a proper job. I don’t want to be with a bloke who wants to live in the forest up a tree!’ So she is currently working as a nurse at Nottingham Infirmary. &nbsp;
“Basically, the Sheriff of Nottingham has been in prison for 10 years for committing dastardly deeds. When he comes out, he wants to get even with Robin by marrying his once true love Marian. Guy of Gisborne gets wind of this plan and tells Marian that the Sheriff is coming to do them all in and so the drama unfolds.”
■ Ha Ha Hood is at Theatre Royal, Glasgow, on September 28, Box Office:&nbsp;
0844 871 7647/ www.atgtickets.com/venues/theatre-royal-glasgow
and the Edinburgh Playhouse, September 29, Box Office: 0844 871 3014 www.atgtickets.com/edinburgh
&nbsp;
 