THE East Renfrewshire MP addressed an audience from his Irn-Bru crate for the last time as he completed his campaign tour in the heart of his home city Glasgow. Independence referendum: Jim Murphy says he's lost most of his voice 'but not the argument' as he concludes 100-day tour of Scotland - Daily Record LABOUR'S Jim Murphy said he has lost most of his voice &quot;but not the argument&quot; as he concluded a 100-day tour of Scotland urging voters to say no to independence.
The East Renfrewshire MP addressed an audience from his Irn-Bru crate for the last time as he completed his campaign tour in the heart of his home city Glasgow.
Mr Murphy briefly postponed his one-man show after he was pelted with eggs in Kirkcaldy, Fife, and said he had been the target of &quot;co-ordinated abuse&quot; from Yes supporters.
 

The tour was resumed and he was cheered by hundreds on Sauchiehall Street today where he was joined by former Labour home secretary John Reid.
With five days to go until Thursday's vote, both men said undecided voters were coming out in favour of remaining part of the United Kingdom.
Mr Murphy said: &quot;The nearer it gets, a lot of the undecided voters have looked into the precipice and they've stepped back.

&quot;They've said, 'I don't even know what currency we'd use and I don't know who would pay the bills'.
&quot;With the prospect of more devolution coming, a lot of undecided voters are breaking away from Yes towards a patriotic No Thanks.&quot;
The former Labour cabinet member added: &quot;The SNP's wishful thinking doesn't pay the bills, it doesn't pay the wages or the mortgage or feed the kids.
&quot;The fact is that all these business have spoken up in the way they have is because they are worried.
&quot;It's an enormous uncosted risk and it's not like an election - we can't go back.&quot;

Mr Reid said: &quot;I'm convinced that the Scottish people will vote to retain our culture, history and control over our own affairs - but get the stability of a bigger state around us.
&quot;That's what has produced all the social justice measures that have made this a decent country - the welfare state, the National Health Service, comprehensive education, minimum pensions - all delivered by British Labour governments.
&quot;The alternative is to put all of those at risk and people, I believe, are not going to do that.
&quot;I never worry about the good sense of the people of Scotland.

&quot;They will not be bullied by Alex Salmond. He may control the apparatus of the state, he may refuse to answer questions, he may deny the reality that is now obvious regarding costs and security.
&quot;The people of Scotland understand and they will come to the right decision on Thursday, I'm absolutely convinced of that.&quot;
Mr Murphy began his campaign tour in Barrhead in his constituency in June with the aim of meeting undecided voters and persuading them of the case for a No vote.
He said today: &quot;I've loved it, it's been the most enjoyment I've had in politics.
&quot;Just me, my Irn-Bru crate and my size 13 feet and whoever turns up.
&quot;I've lost most of my voice but I don't think we've lost the argument.&quot;
 