TOP Scottish lawyers have told of sales drop fears in the housing market as confidence amongst buyers plummets amid uncertain referendum outcome. Independence Referendum: Property lawyers say housing market is suffering sales slump due to indy uncertainty - Daily Record THE housing market is being hit by uncertainty over the independence vote, claims a leading property lawyer.
Glasgow solicitor Austin Lafferty said confidence has “fallen through a hole in the floor”, with buyers backing out of deals.
He said: “In the last couple of weeks, and more and more in the past few days, I and colleagues are seeing a strong trend that clients offering for property are making it a condition that the missives of the purchase are not binding until they know the outcome of the referendum.
“In the same way, I have clients who have offered for property, but have then withdrawn because they are afraid of a Yes vote.
“The reason for this seems to be that clients are afraid they won’t get a mortgage, or the terms of their mortgage will change drastically if lending banks move south.
“The property market depends on a level of confidence and that is what has fallen through a hole in the floor.”

One home seller, who didn’t want to be named, said: “We had a buyer who seemed really keen and had put in an offer but, since the poll showing Yes in the lead, she has just gone to ground. We haven’t heard a thing.
“We’re really concerned now if there is a Yes vote any offer we get will be below the market evaluation.”
But Graeme McCormick, owner of Conveyancing Direct, said the referendum is not having any effect on the housing market.
He added: “We are completing 60 to 80 property transactions a week and I’ve seen no change in business as a result of the referendum. If anything, business over the last couple of months has been improving.
“If mortgage lenders were genuinely worried about the referendum, then they would have started pulling the plug on mortgages by now and there is no evidence of this happening.
“The truth is house prices in Scotland are lower and more affordable, meaning the big lenders actually see the market as far less risky than London, for example.”
Yes Scotland said: ‘We have spoken to a number of conveyancing solicitors who confirm that the referendum is having no impact on house sales or mortgage lending and that it’s business as usual. This sounds like another scare story.”
A spokesman for Better Together said: “Every day there are new warnings about the risks that separation would bring.
“When people are backing out of housing deals because of the risks of separation the reality starts to hit home.
“A vote for separation would be a vote for a leap into the unknown.”

 