MULLAN, who starred in Trainspotting and My Name Is Joe, made the comments as he campaigned for a Yes vote in Glasgow with Scottish Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon. Independence referendum: Actor Peter Mullan criticises 'scaremongering' by No vote campaigners - Daily Record ACTOR Peter Mullan has criticised the &quot;scaremongering&quot; by anti-independence campaigners, branding it &quot;deeply insulting and very patronising&quot;.
Mullan, who starred in Trainspotting and My Name Is Joe, made the comments as he campaigned for a Yes vote in Glasgow with Scottish Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon.
His comments came in the wake of reports that shoppers north of the border could have to pay higher prices if Scotland votes for independence next week and that banks and financial institutions could move south of the border.
Mullan, who described himself as a lifelong supporter of independence, said: &quot;The scaremongering of the last few days was hardly surprising, it wasn't unexpected.

&quot;We all knew that they were going to throw the kitchen sink at us and now they're basically ripping apart the entire kitchen, it's plates, cups, saucers, knives, forks, they're throwing at us.
&quot;In fact it is getting wearisome, every day you wake up and it's like 'what will they come up with today, what will they dream up about this catastrophe that will befall us all?'
 
EXCLUSIVE: @guardian @ICMResearch telephone poll has #indyref on knife-edge: 51% no vs 49% yes

&quot;It's deeply insulting and very patronising, this notion that all of us, for the last 2,000 years, hadn't realised how useless a country we were, how we were incapable of doing anything and how, if as part of a democratic process we choose to determine our own fate, our own destiny, then we are looking towards complete economic meltdown. I find that really insulting.

&quot;It makes me angry because it is bullying of the highest order and it is intolerable.&quot;
The actor and director said he had never understood why Scotland &quot;didn't run our own affairs&quot;.
He added: &quot;It was just like an instinct. It's like breathing. This is something we should never be having to ask ourselves, whether we control our own country.&quot;

He also said a Yes vote would be &quot;huge&quot; for Scotland's arts and cultural sector, claiming: &quot;It will be massive, it will unleash a huge level of creativity we couldn't even have dreamt of 10, 20, 30, 40 years ago. The confidence it will give to the creatives in our country is incalculable.&quot;
While polls increasingly suggest the contest between pro and anti independence campaigners is too close to call, Mullan insisted: &quot;I think it's going to be a Yes.
&quot;When people go into that little booth and they see that very simple question, I really believe a lot of folk who are undecided, when they really think about it, when they go with their heart and their head, I think they will vote Yes.&quot;
 