A PUBLIC appeal fund set up in the aftermath of the tragedy raised almost £500,000 - but Mark O'Prey's family have been told they will not get any of the cash. Family of dad killed in Clutha tragedy refuse to add his name to memorial over appeal fund snub - Daily Record THE family of a dad killed in the Clutha tragedy are refusing to have his name added to a memorial because of an appeal fund snub.
Mark O’Prey was one of 10 people who died after a helicopter crashed through the roof of the Glasgow pub .
A public appeal fund set up in the aftermath of the tragedy raised almost &pound;500,000 for relatives of the victims and for those who were hurt.
But Mark’s sisters Louise and Barbara have been told they will not get any of the cash. And Mark’s dad Ian said the snub is just the latest in a string of errors and insensitivities the authorities have made since the accident.
He said: “I think the public would be stunned to know that the immediate family of the victims are being refused money they have donated to this fund.”
Ian, 67, said his family were given inaccurate details about how and when Mark died .
He claimed that in the days after the tragedy in November, he and wife Mona, 71, were visited by police officers who told them Mark, 44, had died instantly.
But later meetings with the procurator fiscal’s office revealed the dad-of-one, who left a 16-year-old son, Liam, could have been alive for several hours after the chopper crashed.
Pathologists later revealed Mark, of East Kilbride, had died of a major head injury and would not have recovered even it had been possible to rescue him sooner.
The Clutha Appeal Fund was set up by Glasgow Lord Provost Sadie Docherty in December to support casualties and the families of those who died.
 

Ian and Mona received &pound;2300 when the cash was shared out last month. But when Louise inquired on behalf of her and Barbara, they were told the fund trustees were “unable to make an award”.
Two weeks later, the council wrote to Ian and Mona, asking for their input on plans for a memorial to the victims.
But Ian said: “I don’t want Mark’s name anywhere near the council’s memorial. It has all been very insensitive.”
A spokesman for the fund said: “Trustees approved identical sums in respect of each of the deceased. Every family is different but priority was naturally given to financial dependents – such as children and partners.”
 