COMEDY stars Ford Kiernan and Greg Hemphill on their Still Game reunion for a record-breaking 21-day run at Glasgow's SSE Hydro. We're back and Game for a laugh: We catch up with Ford and Greg before Still Game record-breaking run - Daily Record THE wait is almost over and the curtain is about to go up on Still Game’s return to the public arena.
An unprecedented 21-day run at Glasgow’s SSE Hydro begins on Friday night and, as the clock ticks down, the sitcom’s stars and creators Ford Kiernan and Greg Hemphill admit to experiencing a cocktail of emotions spanning excitement, trepidation and fear.
“Well, not so much the fear,” said Ford, who at 52 is Greg’s elder by eight years. “Because it is a terrific thing to be wanted that much.”
In their final round of broadcast interviews ahead of the shows, Ford and Greg are in sparkling form.
Their raucous, infectious good humour echoes around the venue, which is in the midst of dressing various lounges in familiar sets from the show, including The Clansman pub and Navid’s shop.

It’s a first for the SSE Hydro, which has hosted superstars such as Beyonce and Prince, and makes it all the more poignant as they look back to their very first appearance as pensioners Jack Jarvis and Victor McDade.
While the OAPs and their friends and neighbours on the Craiglang estate have become cultural icons in one of Scotland’s most popular and beloved sitcoms, they made their debut at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 1997 to an audience that didn’t even make double figures.
In a tiny room in&nbsp;soaring temperatures, with long-time cohort Paul Riley as pensioner Winston – a role he will reprise in the new show&nbsp;alongside fellow series stalwarts Gavin Mitchell, Jane McCarry, Mark Cox and Sanjeev Kohli – they had to put on a three-bar fire and pretend to be freezing in the lofty heights of a high rise flat.

Ford said: “It was at the Gilded Balloon on Cowgate. We had eight people in the audience.
“If somebody would have told us back then that we’d be playing to 200,000 people, we’d have said they were off their heid.”
Even with just a paltry number of people, they got a sniff they were on to something with serious potential.
Greg said: “We had small audiences but we never had bad audiences in Edinburgh, so even then we had faith because we thought, ‘There is something in this’.

“One night, one of those eight people, a Jamaican lady, came up to Ford and said, ‘Your character is like my dad’.
“That was the point we knew it was something that had a far-reaching appeal.”
Quite how far has been evident ever since. When the show transferred to TV on the BBC, it ran for 44 episodes broadcast over six series with festive specials between 2002 and 2007.
The duo split acrimoniously and went their separate ways and practically every day since, someone, somewhere has asked them when they were getting back together and bringing back Still Game.

Even so, they seriously underestimated just how much Jack and Victor have been missed.
When they approached London promoter Phil McIntyre about putting on the stage show, they were looking at a one-night performance.
It seems laughable on the cusp of a mammoth run, which will see them play to 14,000 people a night and which even blocked pop giants U2 from playing the venue.
But when the SSE Hydro came back and suggested they play four nights, they just about choked on Jack and Victor’s false teeth.
Ford said: “Phil McIntyre is based in London. He didn’t know who we were.
“He just thought we were two bampots off the street, two halfwits who had got the train down. ‘Still Game? You dress as old men? Right – I’ll check for you’.
“He phoned the Hydro and they said, ‘We can do four days’. We said, ‘Four days? Way too much, we can do a night maybe’ and then it just went mental.
“The phones never stopped and at one point their hugely complex phone system crashed because it couldn’t handle the demand. At that point, we knew this was a runaway train.
“Phil was doing backflips. We had literally walked in off the street and he said, ‘I’ll Google you’. Now if anyone asks who we are, he’s like, ‘Are you f****** brainless?’”
Greg added: “The characters have been mothballed and trapped in amber for all those years. At first you think, ‘I need a break from this, we need a break from this’.
“Then after a while, you think those characters need to speak again. You miss them and when people every day are going, ‘When are you bringing them back’, you can only disagree with them for so long.”
Neither ever spoke about the split in any great detail and they wouldn’t reveal exactly how they got back together either, even if they could remember.
Greg said: “There’s been wild speculation about how that worked but we’re not absolutely sure.
“Over the seven years we weren’t working together, we were contacting each other about this and that – business things – but the truth of the matter is even if we did know it would be private. You are mending a friendship, so this is personal.
“Out of somewhere began a conversation about Jack and Victor and if they could fill the Hydro if they were still around.
“That was the genesis of that conversation. The answer was it would be nice to find out.”
They don’t have long to wait and they have spent the last 11 months since the announcement preparing and writing the show, acutely aware of how much it means to the audience and to them.
Having enjoyed successful careers away from Still Game – Greg wrote and starred in The National Theatre of Scotland’s An Appointment With The Wicker Man while Ford was nominated for a Scottish Bafta for his role in crime drama The Field Of Blood – second time around they know exactly what they are getting into.
Ford said: “The thing was we were in each other’s pockets completely before we stopped doing it the first time.
“We were not getting the chance to go away to do other things or examine our opportunities.
“The business of Still Game was all- consuming and we just couldn’t get away from it. It was taking a long period of time to write it, film it, then plan the next one.
“We were both getting offered things but we couldn’t do them because they coincided with Still Game.”
For Greg, it is all about going forward, boldly. He said: “There’s a great story about Leonard Nimoy that after he wrote Star Trek, he wrote an autobiography called I Am Not Spock. Years later, he wrote another one called I Am Spock.
“I think that very neatly sums up what an actor goes through, especially when you have had a success of some sort.
“You actually fight against it, you try to get away from it because you feel like you have lost your identity. Then, of course, you realise it is part of your identity and you almost feel guilty for having turned your back on it.
“So you are desperate to explore these opportunities, and you do and they are great but you also want to have the thing that got you there in the first place.
“It’s a circular journey that brings you right back to where you started but you are in a much better frame of mind this time. You are ready to enjoy it, ready to appreciate it.”
■ Still Game is at the SSE Hydro, Glasgow, September 19 to October 10, tickets &pound;30-&pound;45, box office 0844 395 4000, www.thehydro.com
 