THE Labour leader told an audience in Cumbernauld that we are stronger together and vowed to satisfy the 'thirst for change' that so many voters are desperate for.  Independence referendum: Miliband's passionate plea to Scots to stay in Union - Daily Record FIRED-UP Ed Miliband appealed to the “head, heart and soul” of voters in Scotland yesterday, urging them to stick with the United Kingdom.
In a gospel hall-style sermon, the Labour leader threw himself into the battle for Scotland’s future with a fervent plea to vote against independence.
Miliband told an audience at a community centre in Cumbernauld that the “thirst for change” expressed by Scottish voters was shared across the United Kingdom.
He promised change was coming and that the rest of the UK desperately wanted Scotland to stay to deliver it.
And he vowed that his first Queen’s Speech in a Labour government would have Gordon Brown’s devolution package at its core.
He set about bringing wavering Labour voters back to the No side with a passionate address on solidarity.
Miliband said: “I want to make the case from the head – we are stronger staying together to create a more equal just society together than we can alone.
“From the heart – because of the ties that bind us together and would be irreversibly broken by separation.

“And I want to make the case to you from the soul – because it is in halls like this that our movement was formed on the basis of solidarity that built great institutions like our National Health Service and can tackle the great injustices of our time.”
Miliband told his Labour audience that the message from the tight polling in the referendum was being heard.
He added: “Scots have said loud and clear, whether they are voting Yes or not, that they want big economic and political change. I agree, I get it, there needs to be that change.
“That thirst for change is across the United Kingdom, not just for Scotland.”
And he pledged Labour’s offer of enhanced devolution would enable Scotland to be a more just country.
 

Miliband said: “I unequivocally endorse the programme set out by Gordon Brown and Johann Lamont that the next Labour government will meet in the first Queen’s speech.
“It beats by a long way the change on offer from the other side of the argument on social justice.”
The Labour leader portrayed the SNP as continuing Tory policies in Scotland and said the nationalists paid only lip-service to social justice.

He said: “Alex Salmond himself is proposing a 3p cut in corporation tax, taking money away from working families. Why, when he says public services are facing such pressure, when college places have been cut, when so many people are facing so much hardship, would someone claiming to be a social democrat make this his only redistributive proposal?
“Because it is where independence takes you – away from social justice.
“We don’t say we will abolish the bedroom tax, we vote to abolish the bedroom tax .”
He promised change to increase the minimum wage and tackle zero hours contracts if Labour remove the coalition from power in the 2015 general election.

Miliband said: “Scotland’s values of fairness, justice and equality have shone through in this referendum campaign.
“But to meet those values I know we have to change our country. Together we can do that. Not by irreversibly breaking apart, with all the risks that means, but by building a different future.”
Miliband acknowledged he has no Scottish roots and no vote in the poll.
But he added: “I do care passionately about the outcome of this referendum. I care because of the values that motivate me as a person, the reasons I am in politics.”
He recalled that his father Ralph, a Jewish refugee who fled the Nazis, served alongside Scots stationed in Inverkeithing in Fife during World War II.
And he said he wanted to be able to take his children back to Inverkeithing as part of the United Kingdom to tell them about their grandfather’s service.
Miliband added: “It has been said that the emotional argument lies with independence. Not for me. Not for so many people across our country. Because our hearts lie with you.”
 &nbsp;
Solidarity between the nations of the UK, he said, had helped defeat fascism, build the NHS and secure a national minimum wage.
And the Labour leader said that solidarity continued.
“It means the family in Edinburgh cares about the poor child in London, the working people of Liverpool care about the working people of Glasgow ... the young people of Manchester care about pensioners in Paisley,” he said.
He ended his speech and a question session with a quiet, impassioned plea from the Labour family, calling on Scotland to vote No.
Miliband said: “Please stay with us. Stay with us because we are stronger together.
“Stay with us so we can change Britain together.”
 