Celtic survived a spirited Aberdeen fight-back to gain their first win in five games.    Denayer 7′  Commons 46′  
  Goodwillie 60′  
 Celtic survived a spirited Aberdeen fight-back to gain their first win in five games. 
 Jason Denayer put Celtic into an early lead and Kris Commons made it two just after half-time virtue of a helpful deflection off Dons defender Shaleum Logan. 
 David Goodwillie headed Aberdeen back into the game before Craig Gordon pulled off a string of saves. 
 The Dons continued to attack but could not find an equaliser. 
 It is a welcome three points for Celtic boss Ronny Deila after the Champions League knock-out to Maribor and a failure to win on the road away to Inverness and Dundee. 
 Aberdeen's second-half performance will give manager Derek McInnes some encouragement, but it is a third defeat in five games as the Dons struggle for the same consistency they had last season. 
 Celtic were boosted by the earlier than expected return of captain Scott Brown, who made his first appearance of the season following a hamstring injury, while Aleksandar Tonev and Stefan Scepovic also made the starting line-up. 
 Jonny Hayes managed to shake off an ankle knock for the visitors but was forced to pull out due to his wife going into hospital to give birth. 
 It was a bright start from Aberdeen and they looked the more likely of the two teams early on, but they shot themselves in the foot with poor defending at Celtic's first corner. 
 Logan's header away fell to Efe Ambrose, who hammered a shot into the net via team-mate Denayer, who did not know much about it. 
 The Dons were trying to attack Celtic at pace but were being constantly caught out when the hosts broke from deep. 
 Commons should have made it 2-0 when Emilio Izaguirre picked him out in the middle, but somehow he headed wide with the goal gaping. 
 Scepovic then had the ball in the net but was adjudged offside. 
 The game was flowing from end to end. Goodwillie should have done better when Brown knocked the ball into his path inside the box, but he spun his shot far and wide. 
 Jamie Langfield then had to deny Commons and Callum McGregor with good saves. 
 It was not the last time the pair would get a sight of goal before half-time; both firing shots wide of the the left-hand post. 
 Only 24 seconds of the second half had been played when Celtic doubled their lead. 
 McGregor picked out Commons just inside the box and his low shot deflected off Logan and past Langfield. 
 The Dons recovered well and Peter Pawlett forced Gordon into his first meaningful save of the match with a vicious shot. 
 Commons was inches away from a third when he again was left unmarked at the edge of the box - firing just over - but the Dons fought back with Goodwillie grabbing his first goal since signing for the club in the summer. 
 Logan's cross found Andrew Considine at the back post and his header across goal was nodded in by the Dons striker. 
 It could have been all square when Goodwillie's back-heel sent Niall McGinn clear and Gordon had to beat the Northern Irishman's shot away from close range. 
 It was all Aberdeen now and Willo Flood was next to force a save with a blistering effort from outside the box. 
 McInnes made a statement of intent with 15 minutes left when he sent on top goalscorer Adam Rooney for Considine. 
 The move was always going to leave gaps at the back and, when Commons got the ball caught under his feet, McGregor whistled a shot just wide of the post. 
 The Dons thought they should have had a penalty when McGinn's free-kick appeared to be handled by Commons and, moments later, McGinn had a shot deflected over from Rooney's knockdown. 
 In a frantic finale, Stefan Johansen could have sealed victory when he broke clear, but he tried to walk it past Langfield and the chance went a-begging. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Celtic 2, Aberdeen 1. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Celtic 2, Aberdeen 1. 
 Foul by John Guidetti (Celtic). 
 Mark Reynolds (Aberdeen) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Efe Ambrose (Celtic). 
 Shaleum Logan (Aberdeen) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Attempt blocked. Niall McGinn (Aberdeen) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the left is blocked. 
  Booking  Efe Ambrose (Celtic) is shown the yellow card. 
 Shaleum Logan (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Efe Ambrose (Celtic). 
 Attempt missed. Callum McGregor (Celtic) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Aberdeen. Adam Rooney replaces Andrew Considine. 
 Corner, Celtic. Conceded by Ash Taylor. 
 Attempt blocked. Kris Commons (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 John Guidetti (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by David Goodwillie (Aberdeen). 
 Attempt missed. John Guidetti (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 John Guidetti (Celtic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ash Taylor (Aberdeen). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Celtic. Nir Bitton replaces Aleksandar Tonev. 
 Foul by David Goodwillie (Aberdeen). 
 Emilio Izaguirre (Celtic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt saved. Kris Commons (Celtic) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Attempt saved. Willo Flood (Aberdeen) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. 
  Booking  Ryan Jack (Aberdeen) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Ryan Jack (Aberdeen). 
 Stefan Johansen (Celtic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt saved. Niall McGinn (Aberdeen) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Aberdeen. Jeffrey Monakana replaces Nicky Low. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Celtic. Beram Kayal replaces Stefan Scepovic. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Celtic. John Guidetti replaces Scott Brown. 
  Goal!  Goal! Celtic 2, Aberdeen 1. David Goodwillie (Aberdeen) header from very close range to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Andrew Considine. 
 Shaleum Logan (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Emilio Izaguirre (Celtic). 
 Kris Commons (Celtic) hits the bar with a left footed shot from outside the box. 
 Attempt missed. Callum McGregor (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner. 
 Foul by Shaleum Logan (Aberdeen). 
 Aleksandar Tonev (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Scott Brown (Celtic). 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Jason Denayer. 
 Attempt missed. Callum McGregor (Celtic) left footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Foul by Efe Ambrose (Celtic). 
 David Goodwillie (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Celtic 2, Aberdeen 0. Kris Commons (Celtic) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Callum McGregor. 
   Second Half begins Celtic 1, Aberdeen 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Celtic 1, Aberdeen 0. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Emilio Izaguirre. 
 Attempt missed. Kris Commons (Celtic) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Kris Commons (Celtic) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Nicky Low (Aberdeen) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Attempt blocked. Ryan Jack (Aberdeen) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Attempt blocked. Callum McGregor (Celtic) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Attempt missed. Ash Taylor (Aberdeen) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Foul by Emilio Izaguirre (Celtic). 
 Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Callum McGregor (Celtic) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Foul by Scott Brown (Celtic). 
 Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Kris Commons (Celtic) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Foul by Aleksandar Tonev (Celtic). 
 Willo Flood (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Virgil van Dijk. 
 Callum McGregor (Celtic) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Andrew Considine (Aberdeen). 
 Attempt saved. Kris Commons (Celtic) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. David Goodwillie (Aberdeen) right footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Foul by Jason Denayer (Celtic). 
 Nicky Low (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt blocked. Kris Commons (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Attempt blocked. Aleksandar Tonev (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Celtic. Conceded by Niall McGinn. 
 Corner, Celtic. Conceded by Shaleum Logan. 
 Attempt missed. Kris Commons (Celtic) header from very close range is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt saved. Andrew Considine (Aberdeen) header from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Jason Denayer. 
  Goal!  Goal! Celtic 1, Aberdeen 0. Jason Denayer (Celtic) with an attempt from the left side of the six yard box to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Efe Ambrose. 
 Corner, Celtic. Conceded by Willo Flood. 
 Attempt blocked. Kris Commons (Celtic) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Foul by Scott Brown (Celtic). 
 Nicky Low (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Mark Reynolds (Aberdeen). 
 Stefan Scepovic (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Efe Ambrose (Celtic). 
 Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 