ROBERT Edgar, who developed post-traumatic stress disorder after a bloody tour in Afghanistan, claims he begged Army bosses for help but they ignored her pleas. Former soldier claims Army sent him on firing range with machine gun despite knowing he was suicidal - Daily Record A FORMER soldier claims the Army gave him a machine gun and sent him on to a firing range – even though they knew he was suicidal.
Robert Edgar developed post-traumatic stress disorder after a bloody tour in Afghanistan and the deaths of several comrades.
He claims he begged the Army for help but they ignored him.
Robert, who was a private in the Black Watch, said: “I was having flashbacks and couldn’t handle loud noises.
“I was told I was making myself feel that way and suicide was just a thought. They said I was just stressed.
“I was put out on a firing range with a light machine gun.
“I told my corporal I was worried and maybe it should be taken off me. But I was told I would be fine.
“I was begging for help.”
Robert, 26, said he walked out of his Inverness barracks for his own safety.
He was posted AWOL and spent a year on the run.
Robert, from Glasgow, is now seeking compensation from the Army over their alleged failure to help him with his problems.
The father of one was posted to Afghanistan with the 3rd Battalion, The Royal Regiment of Scotland, in 2009, just seven weeks after completing his training.
&nbsp; 

The week before he left, his friend Robert McLaren, from Fionnphort, Mull, was killed by a Taliban mine.
The 2009 tour was one of the bloodiest in the conflict and Robert saw several more comrades killed.
When he came home, to Fort George barracks in Inverness, Robert knew he was struggling.
He spoke to a corporal and was given a session with a psychiatrist but said he was left feeling worse.
Robert walked out in October 2009. After police caught up with him, he spent six months at a military corrective training centre in Essex.
Robert was discharged from the Army in 2011.
Soon afterwards, his friend Private Aaron “Blackie” Black, 22, from Blairgowrie, Perthshire, hanged himself after being tormented by flashbacks of two tours in Afghanistan.
The suicide prompted Robert to do something about his own situation.
He said: “I could easily have ended up like Blackie. More must be done to address mental health problems in the armed forces.”
An MoD spokeswoman said: “Anybody who feels they have suffered in any way due to their service can apply for compensation.”
 