Dumbarton Football Club have revealed a plan for a new, 4,000-capacity stadium to the west of the town. Dumbarton plan move to new 4,000-capacity stadium  Dumbarton Football Club have revealed a plan for a new, 4,000-capacity stadium to the west of the town. 
 The Scottish Championship club only moved to their present stadium in 2000. 
 But they say the new site would allow the creation of &quot;a centre excellence for sport, health and well-being&quot;. 
 A spokesman said on Dumbarton's website: &quot;We are excited to now progress plans for a new sporting facility that can put DFC at the heart of the local community.&quot; 
 The planned new stadium would eventually double the club's present 2,000 capacity. 
 “The development will contribute significantly to improving the availability, accessibility and quality of sporting facilities in West Dunbartonshire, influencing participation in sport and helping to improve the health and well-being of local residents” 
 Dumbarton sold Boghead Park, their home since 1879, for housing and moved to their current stadium in Castle Road, beneath the famous Dumbarton Rock, a site previously occupied by the William Denny and Brothers Limited shipyard. 
 But, despite the stadium's profile being boosted by its use as a training base for the Scotland national team, the Sons have been searching for yet another venue for more than five years. 
 Although the present stadium only has one stand, meaning there is room for expansion on the three other sides, Dumbarton argue that land restrictions and the proximity of housing mean that their plans cannot be accommodated at the existing site. 
 &quot;Consultations have been had with our supporters trust and our forthcoming public exhibition will allow supporters and local residents to view and comment on our proposals,&quot; said the club spokesman. 
 Dumbarton intent to lodge a formal planning application to West Dunbartonshire Council in January at the end of the consultation process, which will include the public exhibition on 6 and 7 November. 
 The site earmarked for the new stadium is at Young's Farm, which is bounded by the River Leven to the east, the A82 to the north and a railway line to the west. 
 Dumbarton's new stadium would be delivered in phases but is planned to comprise 3,000 seats, with 1,000 accommodated on terracing. 
 The club's plan also includes hospitality and dedicated training facilities, plus additional playing pitches for community use and car parking. 
 Non-football related uses could include gym/leisure facilities, a hotel, conferencing facilities, a restaurant, a shop and offices. 
 &quot;The development of a new community football stadium at Young's Farm, together with additional playing pitches, will contribute significantly to improving the availability, accessibility and quality of sporting facilities in West Dunbartonshire, influencing participation in sport and helping to improve the health and well-being of local residents,&quot; the club added. 
 