Two men accused of plotting to murder a prison governor with a car bomb have appeared in court Two men deny Barlinnie Jail governor murder plot Two men accused of plotting to murder a prison governor with a car bomb have appeared in court.

Anton Duffy, 38, and John Gorman, 57, allegedly planned to kill Derek McGill, governor of Barlinnie Jail in Glasgow, between June 2012 and October last year.
Prosecutors say the pair got others to carry out surveillance on Mr McGill to identify his home and car with the intention of making him the target of a car bomb or a similar attack.
Duffy and Gorman are also accused of conspiring to murder two other men, John Adair and Samuel McCrory, between August 2010 and October 2013.
Martin Hughes, 35, and Paul Sands, 31, are alleged to have assisted on the second charge.
The four men, who deny all the charges, appeared at the High Court in Glasgow today.
They are all accused of planning to carry out terrorist acts by procuring vehicles, explosives and firearms including a Type 56 assault rifle.
The charge alleges they recruited individuals and communicated with the Irish Republican Army (IRA) and the Real IRA.
They are accused of carrying out, and getting others to carry out, surveillance on prison officers, Mr McGill and “individuals perceived by you to belong to, or who you believed had an association with, loyalist organisations, namely Samuel McCrory and John Adair.”
The preparation is alleged to have been carried out at various locations in Glasgow, including Central station and Buchanan Galleries and at sites in Renfrewshire and Ayrshire.
Three other men appeared in court in connection with the case.
Craig Convery, 36, and Gary Convery, 34, are accused of directing a number of individuals to commit drugs and firearms offences.
Gordon Brown, 29, is alleged to have agreed with the two men “to do something you knew or suspected would enable or further the commission of serious organised crime”.
They deny the charges.
A further hearing will take place in November and the seven men are expected to stand trial next year.
 