Hearts returned to the top of the Scottish Championship despite dropping their first points of the season at the home of Dumbarton.   Hearts returned to the top of the Scottish Championship despite dropping their first points of the season at the home of Dumbarton. 
 Goalkeeper Danny Rodgers made some fine saves to keep Hearts at bay, denying Jason Holt and Osman Sow in the first half and Sam Nicholson in the second. 
 Chris Kane's header was the closest the Sons came, his header saved by Neil Alexander. 
 And, late in the game, Nicholson's header came back off the crossbar. 
 Robbie Neilson's side, who remain unbeaten but lose their 100% record, move a point clear of Rangers. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Dumbarton 0, Heart of Midlothian 0. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Dumbarton 0, Heart of Midlothian 0. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Kieran MacDonald. 
 Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) hits the bar with a header from the right side of the six yard box. 
 Foul by Garry Fleming (Dumbarton). 
 Jamie Walker (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt saved. Jamie Walker (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt saved. Christopher Kane (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Alim Ozturk (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Alim Ozturk. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Archie Campbell replaces Scott Agnew because of an injury. 
 Attempt missed. Jordan McGhee (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Scott Linton. 
 Attempt missed. Jason Holt (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from the left side of the box is too high. 
 Foul by Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton). 
 Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Scott Agnew (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Soufian El Hassnaoui (Heart of Midlothian). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Garry Fleming replaces Colin Nish. 
 Foul by Colin Nish (Dumbarton). 
 Alim Ozturk (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Soufian El Hassnaoui replaces James Keatings. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Jamie Walker replaces Billy King. 
 Foul by Scott Agnew (Dumbarton). 
 Alim Ozturk (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt saved. Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt missed. James Keatings (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Mitchel Megginson. 
 Attempt missed. James Keatings (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right from a direct free kick. 
 Hand ball by Andy Graham (Dumbarton). 
 Attempt missed. Jordan McGhee (Heart of Midlothian) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Mitchel Megginson. 
 Foul by Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton). 
 Billy King (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Kieran MacDonald replaces David van Zanten. 
 Attempt missed. James Keatings (Heart of Midlothian) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Foul by Scott Agnew (Dumbarton). 
 Alim Ozturk (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Christopher Kane (Dumbarton). 
 Danny Wilson (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
  Booking  Alim Ozturk (Heart of Midlothian) is shown the yellow card. 
 Scott Taggart (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Osman Sow (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Andy Graham (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Dangerous play by Billy King (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Attempt missed. Andy Graham (Dumbarton) header from very close range is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Danny Wilson. 
 Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Adam Eckersley (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Christopher Kane (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Danny Wilson (Heart of Midlothian). 
   Second Half begins Dumbarton 0, Heart of Midlothian 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Dumbarton 0, Heart of Midlothian 0. 
 Colin Nish (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Danny Wilson (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Scott Agnew (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Morgaro Gomis (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Attempt missed. Andy Graham (Dumbarton) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. 
 Mitchel Megginson (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jason Holt (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Danny Wilson (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Colin Nish (Dumbarton). 
  Booking  Jason Holt (Heart of Midlothian) is shown the yellow card. 
 Christopher Kane (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jason Holt (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Andy Graham. 
 Attempt missed. Morgaro Gomis (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by David van Zanten. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by David van Zanten. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Danny Rogers. 
 Attempt saved. Osman Sow (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Attempt saved. Jason Holt (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Foul by Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton). 
 Billy King (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
  Booking  David van Zanten (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by David van Zanten (Dumbarton). 
 Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Osman Sow (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Attempt blocked. James Keatings (Heart of Midlothian) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Foul by Scott Agnew (Dumbarton). 
 Billy King (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Christopher Kane (Dumbarton) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt missed. Christopher Kane (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Christopher Kane (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Adam Eckersley (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Alim Ozturk. 
 Foul by Christopher Kane (Dumbarton). 
 Jason Holt (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. James Keatings (Heart of Midlothian) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
 Foul by Scott Linton (Dumbarton). 
 Billy King (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Colin Nish (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Adam Eckersley (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Foul by Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton). 
 Osman Sow (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. David van Zanten (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Colin Nish (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Jordan McGhee (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Attempt missed. Colin Nish (Dumbarton) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Adam Eckersley replaces Kevin McHattie because of an injury. 
 Foul by Colin Nish (Dumbarton). 
 Alim Ozturk (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Scott Taggart (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by James Keatings (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Foul by Osman Sow (Heart of Midlothian). 
 (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 