JAMES McDonald was handed the longest jail term in Scottish history for the murder of Michael Lyons in 2006 but a sheriff today said he wouldn't add to the sentence as it isn't due to end for another 24 years. Gangland killer escapes prison mobile phone punishment.. as new jail sentence wouldn't start until 2038 - Daily Record A NOTORIOUS gangland killer given the longest jail term in Scottish history has escaped punishment for having a mobile phone in jail - because any new sentence wouldn't start until 2038.
Hired assassin James McDonald has been caught repeatedly with mobile phones but escaped any punishment because it would take a quarter of a century to kick in.
A sheriff again admonished McDonald - locked up for 35 years in 2008 - but told a court that the gangland enforcer would simply keep committing more crime behind bars.
McDonald, 41, from Glasgow, appeared at Perth Sheriff Court amid high security today to admit having a mobile phone inside Perth Prison on 15 April this year.
Sheriff Michael Fletcher was told that McDonald's minimum sentence for murder - which was reduced to 30 years on appeal - meant he would not be eligible for parole for at least 24 years.
Fiscal depute Rebecca Kynaston told the court: &quot;The earliest date the accused is eligible for parole is 2038. He is a prisoner at Perth.
&quot;He was within a single cell at Perth Prison. At 2.30 pm cell searches were carried out as part of a routine. The accused was within his cell.
&quot;They asked the accused if he had anything he shouldn't have had. The accused informed the officers there was a mobile phone under his pillow and it was seized.&quot;
Solicitor David Holmes, defending, said: &quot;He is married with two young children and was having family difficulties. He was anxious to address that and acquired a phone for that purpose.&quot;
Sheriff Michael Fletcher noted McDonald had already been admonished once for an identical offence and said: &quot;He is going to keep doing this. We can't keep admonishing him.&quot;
But the sheriff then did admonish McDonald and said: &quot;It is probably not appropriate for me to add a further custodial sentence onto this sentence because it doesn't finish until 2038.&quot;
McDonald and his co-accused Raymond Anderson, 52, were found guilty of murdering one man and trying to kill two others at a Glasgow garage in 2006.
 

At the High Court in Glasgow, they were both told they would have to serve a record-breaking 35 years before being eligible for parole. Both had denied shooting dead Michael Lyons, 21, on 6 December 2006.
They were also found guilty of attempting to murder Steven Lyons, 27, and 42-year-old Robert Picket.
The original sentence was longer than the 30-year minimum jail term imposed on Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi for the murder of the 270 people who died when Pan Am Flight 103 exploded on 21 December 1988.
Lord Hardie said the killing of Mr Lyons at Applerow Motors had been a &quot;cold-blooded, premeditated assassination.&quot;
The attack happened at the garage owned by David Lyons, 48, the uncle of two of the victims. He told the court that a &quot;ransom note&quot; was delivered to his home 10 days after the shooting.
It read: &quot;The boys owe me &pound;25,000 and I want what's owed to me. It's for drugs. They all know what it's about as they have got to pay the piper.&quot;
Following the shooting Anderson and McDonald came under surveillance, and this led officers to a house in the Garthamlock area where a machine gun, grenades and ammunition were discovered.
The weapons had been stolen from army barracks and Anderson and McDonald were heard calling themselves &quot;The Untouchables&quot;.
Outside court, Det Ch Supt Campbell Corrigan, the senior investigating officer into the shooting, hailed the result and called the incident a &quot;indiscriminate act of absolute barbarism&quot;.

 