AS Dirty Dancing leaves Glasgow audiences hot under the collar we are wondering how much you actually know about the hit film. Try our quiz now! Quiz: How much do you know about hit film Dirty Dancing? - Daily Record YOU may not have the time of your life but this sultry, steamy show will leave you hot under the collar.
The famous plot examines class divide as well as the resultant prejudices.
A middle-class American family go to Kellerman’s Hotel for their summer vacation, where waiting staff are employed for the season from the great American universities like Harvard and Yale.
But the “talent” comes from a largely Hispanic working-class background. They are employed to teach dance but any deeper familiarity with the guests is heavily frowned upon.
Frances “Baby” Houseman plans to change the world but after she meets Johnny Castle – a rough-and-ready dancer from the seedier side of town – that summer of ’63, she learns how difficult it is to change even her own family’s entrenched attitudes.
Although known for the hit 80s numbers like (I’ve Had) The Time of My Life, Hungry Eyes and She’s Like The Wind, it is the dancing that sets this show apart.
And the erotic South American rhythms certainly turn up the heat.

Claire Rogers, as the troubled Penny Johnson, is certainly a dancer of considerable talent and her whole body gave life to every beat.
Roseanna Frascona as the naive Baby was an absolute joy.
The talented young actress, who bears an uncanny resemblance to a young Jennifer Grey, is a delight.
She couples a wonderful comic timing with a sensitive portrayal of a conflicted, passionate young woman. Her co-star Gareth Bailey as the moody but ultra-desirable Johnny Castle, however, was just not believable.
His routines were just a little too well rehearsed and failed to capture the raw sexiness necessary to pull off this huge role.
But the appreciative Glasgow audience were keen to voice their admiration for his toned body and bayed like a pack of wolves when he magnanimously discarded his shirt.
And, when it mattered, he pulled out his best acting talent to deliver the iconic “nobody puts Baby in the corner” line to rapturous applause.
Unfortunately, the rest of his acting was too aggressive and lacked depth.
Main characters apart, this is a fine ensemble. And this show has&nbsp;oodles of appeal for both lovers of the film and those who have never seen it.
But take a fan with you – it’s likely to get hot in there.
 