OUR style editor Julie Hannah asks two generations of shopper how department store’s Designers ranges have stayed at the cutting edge of the high street. Why Debenhams is still in fashion after 21 years on the high street - Daily Record THE Designers at Debenhams line has come&nbsp;of age.
It is 21 years since the department store brought the range to their customers, giving them the chance to buy items created by some of Britain’s top fashion names.
To celebrate, a special line has gone on sale from big names such as Henry Holland, John Rocha, Jasper Conran and Julien Macdonald.
We asked two fashion fans to try out some of the new pieces – Taylor Sexton, who was born in the same year the line was launched, and dedicated Debenhams fan Rhonda McIntosh.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 

Taylor, 21, an operations assistant from Glasgow, said: “I can remember shopping in Debenhams with my mum when I was little and I definitely didn’t think it was cool. But now I’d shop there myself.
“I love some of the designers, so to be able to buy their collections at an affordable price is really good.
“My favourite thing from the new collection is this biker jacket. It’s cool with the bit of colour around the collar and the zebra T-shirt is something I’d wear. I wasn’t so sure about the lace skirt when I saw it on the hanger but as soon as I felt it, I changed my mind. It’s a really soft lace and nice to wear.

“It’s unrealistic these days, to be spending hundreds on designer clothing. This way, I get the designer pieces in my wardrobe but I’m spending so much less.”
Rhonda McIntosh, 44, is a part-time model and mum from Glasgow. She said: “I used to work in Debenhams when I was 19, so I’m familiar with the brand. I was just starting out as a model at the time and my dad made me get a part-time job.
“When the designer collections started, I remember being really impressed that they had such well-known designers in-store.
“I’ve still got some pieces in my wardrobe that I bought then. Some of them don’t fit but hopefully my daughter, Darcie, will get a chance to wear them.
“If you can’t afford to buy the mainline collection from big designers, these are a good way to stay in fashion.
“My favourite pieces from this collection are the black evening dress by Pearce II Fionda. It looks so glamorous and it’s heavily beaded, so it looks very expensive. And I love the jumpsuit too.”
 