Bag yourself entry to the event on Sunday September 7 and have a great day of cycling on your new bike from Decathlon Win a bike and free VIP entry to freshnlo Pedal for Scotland - Daily Record This year’s freshnlo Pedal for Scotland on Sunday September 7 promises to be bigger and better than ever, and you can be part of it! We’ve teamed up with Cycling Scotland to give one lucky reader this fantastic cycling prize.
If you are our winner you’ll get a brand new Triban 3 from freshnlo Pedal for Scotland partner Decathlon and VIP entry to one of the four amazing rides. You can choose from 2 tickets to the 47 mile challenge or 110 mile Sportive Ride from Glasgow to Edinburgh, a family ticket to the nine mile Edinburgh Family ride or a family ticket to the four mile Glasgow Ride and Danny MacAskill show at the Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome.
There’s a ride to suit everyone, from the first time cyclist to the lycra clad enthusiast. The classic 47 mile Challenge Ride from Glasgow Green to Murrayfield Stadium in Edinburgh is perfect for riders of all abilities or for experienced road cyclists, the 110 mile Sportive takes riders through the Southern Uplands, incorporating steep climbs and undulating stretches of stunning moorland.
For families the 9 mile Edinburgh Family Ride is a fantastic (almost completely traffic-free) route from Kirkliston Leisure Centre to the main event finish at Murrayfield Stadium so that you can enjoy the experience of crossing the finish line inside Murrayfield with the rest of the Challenge and Sportive riders.
On Sunday September 21 it’s Glasgow’s turn with a four mile cycle ride followed by an action packed show at the Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome including Danny MacAskill’s Drop and Roll Show. This four mile circular route between Emirates Arena and Glasgow Green makes use of the fantastic riverside cycle paths and segregated cycle lanes in the area.
The STV Appeal joins the freshnlo Pedal For Scotland as the ride’s official charity partner for the second year running.
For more information visit www.pedalforscotland.org
HOW TO ENTER
For your chance to win simply answer the question and fill out your details below:
&nbsp;
 