THE show at the SSE Hydro on September 24 will now see the likes of James Nesbitt and Elaine C Smith take to the stage to entertain the crowd. More big-name stars are added to the line up for the Ryder Cup Gala Concert in Glasgow - Daily Record A RAFT of big names including James Nesbitt, Edith Bowman, Fred MacAulay, Elaine C Smith and Des Clarke have been added to the Ryder Cup Gala Concert at Glasgow’s SSE Hydro on September 24.
The stars of comedy, TV and radio will share presenting duties at the show that will feature specially commissioned works from musicians.
As momentum gathers for what will be one of the most talked about concerts of the year, organisers have also released artist impressions of how the stage will look, showcasing an orchestra bathed in light which will be accompanied by some specially commissioned films depicting the real people of Scotland and the country's beautiful landscapes.
The Gala Concert will unite contemporary music talent including Chic legend Nile Rodgers, Texas, Jake Bugg, Twin Atlantic, Amy MacDonald, Nina Nesbitt, Eddi Reader, Midge Ure, and Danny Wilson on the same stage with the Scottish Ballet, Scottish Opera, National Theatre of Scotland and RSNO, who will share a stage for the first time.&nbsp;
A major strong feature of the evening will be the presentation of The 2014 Ryder Cup teams, with the USA and Europe players appearing on stage together with their captains Paul McGinley and Tom Watson ahead of the golf showdown at Gleneagles.

Radio DJ Bowman and Scots actor Nesbitt, best known for his roles in ITV drama Cold Feet and the Hollywood blockbusters, The Hobbit and Bloody Sunday, will co-host.
Nesbitt, an ambassador for The 2014 Ryder Cup, said: “The Gala Concert is the perfect curtain-raiser for The 2014 Ryder Cup and I’m honoured to play a role with Edith in welcoming the European and USA Teams to Scotland.
&quot;As an avid golf fan it’s a real privilege to be involved in The 2014 Ryder Cup – it is a unique and historic competition and the Gala Concert’s line-up promises to see music, arts and golf fans alike come together to sample the atmosphere of one of sports great events.”
Bowman said: “I’m very excited to be hosting the Ryder Cup Gala Concert with Jimmy. Not only is it a fantastic line up with something for everyone, but I’m thrilled about the orchestral collaborations.
“The Ryder Cup is such a huge date in the golfing calendar that I am only too aware of.
&quot;Growing up in Anstruther, surrounded by courses, I have always had a soft spot for the game - I’m just not sure that I would trust Jimmy’s current handicap if we were to have a game.”
 

Comedy star Smith will present an excerpt from the National Theatre of Scotland’s Glasgow Girls, an award-winning tale which will be showcased at The Hydro for the first time ever as part of the Gala Concert.&nbsp;
Geoff Ellis of DF Concerts &amp; Events said it would include a “smorgasbord” of entertainment.
He said: “We are delighted to announce that some of the best personalities and comedians in the UK have come on board to host and present The Ryder Cup Gala Concert.&nbsp;
“This evening is about showcasing a wonderful smorgasbord of entertainment and celebrating the spirit of the Ryder Cup itself.
“Whether it’s because of the touching performances or comedy, there won’t be a dry eye in The Hydro on September 24.”
Mike Cantlay, Chairman of VisitScotland said: “Including some of the biggest names in comedy, TV and radio, this hugely exciting one off concert, which will showcase the very best of Scotland, is set to be an incredible evening of music, theatre and dance.
&quot;With the backdrop of Scotland’s beautiful landscapes, celebrated music stars, leading arts agencies and the European and US golfing stars of The Ryder Cup - the stage is set for an unforgettable curtain raiser.
&quot;Scotland will welcome The Ryder Cup, one of the biggest sporting events in the world, in style.”
 