THE funnyman is brother to actor Sanjeev, who plays the hilarious shopkeep in the hugely popular Scottish comedy, and reckons he'd be perfect for a familial cameo. Hardeep Singh Kohli says he's Still Game for a visit to Naveed's Craiglang shop thanks to family ties - Daily Record THE return of Still Game is just around the corner and Hardeep Singh Kohli has his sights set on a cameo role on the show. He just hasn’t told anyone yet.
His brother Sanjeev plays shopkeeper Naveed in the comedy show and Hardeep believes he’s the ideal guy for a guest appearance.
The comedian and TV presenter joked: “I was hoping they’d write in an episode for a long lost brother cos, ironically, I’ve got the real beard and I’ve got the real belly.”
Despite being a household name, Kohli says performing his first straight stand-up set at the Edinburgh Festival last month was a daunting task.
He said: “I was nervous at the Edinburgh Festival. It’s full of talented and established comedians who can’t get an audience but I loved it. It sold incredibly well and people really enjoyed it.
“It’s amazing at my age – I’m 45 – to be acquiring new skills and learning on my feet.”
Kohli’s show, Hardeep is Your Love, is about the baffling world of romance. It’s a theme he thinks has bags of comedy potential.
Kohli has enough romantic experience to write a self-help guide. He split with his ex-wife in 2007 and has had on-off relationships since.
 Self-deprecating Kohli says: “When you look like I look, it’s always gonna be a laugh. The world has changed so much in terms of how we meet folk and how  we get together. 
“I was married for such a long time that I’d checked out of those developments and found myself spat out into the new technological dating romantic world.”
The course of love never does run smooth and Kohli says he has numerous bad date stories.
The worst, he said, happened only a few months ago with a colleague from work.
 He said: “We got on very well. We went out on a Saturday night after drinking prosecco. We went to one of my favourite restaurants in London and sat at a  very small table. 
“I intended to order quite a lot of food and when the waitress came over with the bread, I said, ‘Do you know what, we’ll just have one bread and share, so there’s more space on the table,’ to which the woman who I thought I was on a date with said, ‘We’re just friends, we’re not on a date.’
“I thought why are you telling the bread woman that, why didn’t you discuss that with me first? So I left the restaurant.”
Kohli did find his happy ending though and is “very much in love” with his new partner.
He said: “That’s the interesting thing about the show. It started a year ago when I was with my ex-girlfriend. That’s why I wrote the show and then we split up so the show changed.
“Now I’m with someone else so the show has changed again. It’s a dynamic process.”
Kohli looks forward to ending the autumn leg of the tour in his home town of Glasgow and is excited to perform at comedy hotspot The Stand.
He said: “A home town gig is an incredible privilege. It’s not only my home town but the first place I’ve ever played so it should be special.
“Folk haven’t got a huge amount of money, but they’re prepared to spend the money on tickets and babysitters to give me a night of their life. It’s very humbling.
“The thing about The Stand is you’re right on top of the audience, you can touch them, they’re that close. It’s electric, it’s like doing it in your front room.
“I’d hate to die at The Stand – that would be an awful thing to happen – but equally it’s amazing when you do well there.”
Kohli is hoping he’ll go out with a bang when he performs at The Stand on November 30. Tickets are &pound;10 to &pound;12. Doors open at 7.30pm.
 