The Renfrewshire pilot who died when his chopper crashed into the roof of the Clutha pub, in Glasgow, has had his name added to the Scottish Police Memorial. Clutha crash pilot David Traill is being recognised on permanent memorial for fallen police officers - Daily Record A permanent tribute has been paid to helicopter pilot David Traill who tragically died in the Clutha Vaults accident.
David, 51, of Lochwinnoch, was at the controls of the Police Scotland Eurocopter EC 135 when it plummeted onto the roof of the Clutha bar, in Glasgow, on November 29 last year.
In a lasting honour, his name was yesterday added to the Scottish Police Memorial at Tulliallan Police College, Fife.
The names of police constables Tony Collins, 43, and Kirsty Nelis, 36, were also added to the memorial in a ceremony attended by Princess Anne and Police Scotland Chief Constable Sir Stephen House.
Ten people died – including Paisley dad Gary Arthur and Neilston man Colin Gibson – when the helicopter’s engines failed.
The memorial was established 10 years ago to honour officers who have died in the line of duty. It carries 255 names, with some dating back to 1812.
Chief Constable House said: “Police officers are committed to serving their local communities, protecting the public and keeping people safe.
“The officers we are commemorating today made an important contribution to the communities they served.
“It is right that we should honour them and that their names be added to the Scottish Police Memorial, a fitting reminder to us all of their contribution to the service and to Scotland.
“Our thoughts are, as always, with their families and friends.”
Christine Fulton MBE, co-founder of the Scottish Police Memorial Trust, said: “The memorial is a tangible reminder to the families that their loved ones’ name will never be forgotten and will live on, not just for this generation but for every generation to come.
“We are honoured that HRH, The Princess Royal was able to join us again today, her support for the families and recognition of their loss is much appreciated.”
 