WHAT do Holyrood do and not do? What powers do they have and which are off-limits? And how does voting differ north of the Border? Read on and find out. Independence referendum - Your Guide: How Scotland is governed and how elections work - Daily Record LIKE most nations, Scotland is governed at different levels.
 Thirty-two local authorities, the devolved Parliament in Edinburgh , the UK  Parliament in London and the institutions of the European Union in Brussels and Strasbourg all make decisions which affect our day-to-day lives. 
 The European Union (EU) is a partnership of 28 member states of which Scotland (as part of the UK) has been part since 1973. 
The day-to-day functioning of the EU is governed by a series of institutions, including the European Parliament (to which Scotland sends six MEPs), the European Commission (the executive body) and the Council of the European Union (sometimes called the Council of Ministers).
EU institutions are responsible for making laws that apply across all member states, and the UK is represented in all of these institutions.
Once a law has been agreed at EU level, it normally has to be implemented by national governments.
In the UK, this means by the Scottish Government in the case of devolved matters, and by the UK Government in the case of reserved matters.
EU laws covering, for example, international trade, foreign policy, consumer protection, energy and employment are the responsibility of the UK Government as these are reserved matters.
But EU laws dealing with devolved matters such as agriculture, fisheries, the environment, justice and legal affairs are the responsibility of the Scottish Government.
 

 In these cases, Members of the Scottish Parliament (MSPs) are responsible for scrutinising the Scottish Government’s implementation of European law. 
The EU have developed a single market through a system of law interpreted by the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg) that applies in all 28 member states.
As part of the UK, however, Scotland is neither part of the Schengen Area (under which 22 EU members have abolished border controls) nor the Euro single currency used by 18 member states (and administered by the European Central Bank in Frankfurt).
Since the 1707 Treaty of Union that formed Great Britain, both Scotland and England have been represented – along with Wales and Northern Ireland – at the Westminster Parliament in London.
Originally Scotland had just 45 MPs although this was later increased to 72.
Under the terms of the 1998 Scotland Act, however, this was reduced to 59 prior to the 2005 general election. Elections to the House of Commons now take place every five years.
 

Each MP represents a territorial constituency in the House of Commons, which is elected via the first past the post system – meaning the candidate with a simple majority of the votes cast is elected.
 Although the Scottish Parliament control most domestic policy, the UK Government deal with reserved matters such as foreign affairs, defence , the economy, monetary policy, broadcasting, energy, international development and welfare. 
 Representing Scotland in this respect is a Secretary of State for Scotland, who sits in the UK Cabinet, and a small  Whitehall department called the Scotland Office. 
At the 2010 general election, the Labour Party won a total of 41 Scottish constituencies, the Liberal Democrats 11, the Scottish National Party six and the Conservatives just one.
The SNP point out that under the Westminster system Scotland can often end up being governed by a UK administration for which a majority of Scottish voters did not vote.
For example, during the period of Conservative government from 1979-97, no more than 22 Tory MPs (and after 1987 half that number) were returned in Scotland.
This can go the other way. Between 1997 and 2010, Labour had a majority of MPs in both Scotland and the UK as a whole.
Scotland is also represented in the Upper House of the UK Parliament, the House of Lords.
Until 1999 this comprised a mix of hereditary peers – who inherit their title through their family line – and life peers, who are appointed by prime ministers. In 1999, all but 92 of the hereditary peers lost their seats in the Lords.
There are currently around 800 members, many of whom are Scottish, although it is difficult to say exactly how many because they do not represent geographical constituencies.
The Lords scrutinise legislation approved by the Commons (the Lower House) and can amend Bills, although they are not allowed to prevent them becoming law.
Importantly, since 1999 the Scottish Parliament – often referred to as Holyrood – has been the law-making body for devolved matters in Scotland.
In addition to passing legislation, MSPs – like MPs in the UK Parliament – also debate issues and hold ministers to account.
 Every person resident in Scotland is represented by eight MSPs – one  constituency member and seven elected via eight regional lists. Both sorts of MSPs have equal status at Holyrood. 
The voting system used for Holyrood elections is the single transferable vote, a form of proportional representation.
 &nbsp;
Elections to the Scottish Parliament used to take place every four years but in 2011, this was increased to five to avoid clashing with UK Parliament elections.
As at Westminster, the Scottish Government is formed by the party or parties with the most seats in the parliament.
Its main role is to formulate and implement policies in devolved areas.
Under the terms of the 1998 Scotland Act, devolved powers include agriculture, education, health, housing, law and order, sport and the arts, tourism and economic development, as well as many aspects of transport, such as rail and roads.
The Scottish Parliament’s fiscal powers at present are more theoretical than real.
From the start, Holyrood had the ability to vary the basic rate of income tax up or down by 3p. But no government has done so.
The 2012 Scotland Act gave MSPs the ability to control 10p in each income tax band (as well as borrowing powers), although this does not take effect until 2015-16.
Holyrood is also responsible for Scotland’s 32 local authorities, all of which are governed by a council consisting of councillors elected every four years.
The largest Scottish authority is Glasgow (with more than 600,000 inhabitants) and the smallest Orkney (fewer than 20,000).
Most are members of the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities (COSLA), a sort of lobbying group through which the Scottish Government usually engages with leading councillors.
 