KELLY, 35, tells how she went ahead with her wedding after undergoing several tough months of chemotherapy. I didn't care if I was a baldy bride after chemo.. cancer teaches you what's really important - Daily Record AS Kelly Doyanc looks through her wedding photos she says she never imagined she would get married in a black wedding dress and with no hair.
Beautiful Kelly, 35, wed husband Ali, 32, just months after finishing treatment for breast cancer.
While she had always dreamed of getting married in a fairytale white wedding dress with long blonde hair, she says being diagnosed with cancer changed her priorities in life.
The disease made her realise all that was important was marrying the man she loved - not what dress she wore, or how her hair looked.
And now as she undergoes treatment for secondary breast cancer, she refuses to give up hope that she and Ali will have the long and happy marriage they dream of.
Kelly, of Bathgate, West Lothain, said: “When I was younger I had an image of what my wedding would be like and how I would look.
“My dress was always white and my hair was always long and blonde.
 

“But I wore a black dress and was a baldy bride when I married the love of my life and I’ve got no regrets at all.
“Having cancer teaches you what is important in life. To me, all that was important was that Ali and I were getting married.
“We shared our day with 30 of our friends and family, we got married in a register office and we went for a meal.
“When I decided I was going to be a baldy bride rather than wear an uncomfortable wig, I decided I would get a dress that was a bit different too.
“I actually thought I looked great bald, and my friends and family kept telling me how beautiful I was.
“Ali and I had a wonderful day, and now we just have to keep hoping and praying that very soon doctors and scientists will find a cure for this disease. Something that will help me and everyone else living with cancer.”
Kelly was first diagnosed with cancer in March 2012 when she was 33.
She had a persistent itch in her right breast and then found a lump.
She visited her GP who wrongly told her she was too young for breast cancer but referred her to the breast unit at St John’s Hospital in Livingston.
Just over a month later she was diagnosed with breast cancer.
Kelly said: “It was such a shock to be told I had breast cancer but at the same time I knew something was wrong.
“When my breast started to itch, I put it down to a different washing powder but it was so persistent I decided to get it checked out.

“My GP told me I was too young for breast cancer but said she always referred everyone with a lump to the hospital. She said I would get an appointment in a few weeks’ time.
“Then my nipple started to bleed, the lump grew and my right arm got sore.
“I went back to the doctor and was assured it was likely a harmless cyst in my breast and the pain in my arm was probably just a pulled muscle.
“I was so worried I remember crying when I was telling the doctor how I was feeling but again I was told I was too young for breast cancer.”
Kelly attended the breast unit at St John’s Hospital in March 2012 where she underwent tests and a biopsy.
A week later she was told she had two tumours in her right breast.
Over the next few months, she underwent a mastectomy followed by chemotherapy and radiotherapy.
While the treatment was gruelling, she says one of the hardest ordeals was not having Ali by her side.
Kelly met Turkish-born Ali while they were both on holiday in the Turkish resort of Marmaris in 2008.
The couple kept in contact after Kelly returned home to Scotland and as their relationship grew Kelly visited Ali regularly, staying with him for up to six months at a time.
The couple got in engaged in 2009 but when the bride-to-be fell ill and had to fly home to Scotland for cancer treatment, her fiance was unable to be with her until he could arrange a visa.
Kelly said: “There was a lot of red tape and it was very hard for us both.
“When Ali and I got engaged we weren’t in any rush to marry but all that changed when I got ill.”
The couple got married in Scotland on 25 January, 2013.
A few months later Kelly felt a lump in her neck. The cancer had returned, spreading to her lymph nodes.
She had an operation to remove the lump, followed by chemotherapy.
But despite the success of the treatment, the lump returned in March.
Kelly said: “Removing the lump again would cause too much damage but I am on a new drug, which has reduced the tumour and I have to keep hoping it will get rid of it altogether.
“There are days when I feel pretty tired and sick but most days are good.
“I have to do my best to live life to the full and never give up hope.
“New drugs are being invented every day and one day they will find a cure.”
Kelly is one of 22 models taking to the catwalk for the Breast Cancer Care Scotland Fashion Show at the Radisson Blu Hotel in Glasgow, on Wednesday, November 12.
She said: “Knowing you are not alone, and that others understand can help.
“I wanted to take part in the show to raise awareness that young people can get breast cancer too.”
 