CHARITY worker hasn't cleaned her flat out for 14 years and admits the stress of so much clutter sometimes forces her to seek refuge in her car. Self-confessed hoarder Emma Crockett reveals why she has ended up living knee deep in junk - Daily Record EMMA Crockett hasn’t sat on one of her sofas for 10 years because it’s piled high with so much junk.
And she sometimes struggles to find a corner on her other sofa because, like the floor, it’s covered with boxes and craft projects.
Last time Emma tried to vacuum her bedroom she had to dust the machine because it hadn’t been used for so long.
The 35-year-old from Glasgow, who works in HR for a charity, admits she struggles to throw things away and said she has been hoarding since she moved into her one-bedroom flat 14 years ago.
She also runs a craft business and keeps items she thinks she can make into something. There’s glitter next to her salt and pepper pots and a bag of old jeans she planned to make into a beanbag, which has lain in a corner for 10 years.
She also keep mementoes and has hundreds of concert tickets and old school and university books.
There are things Emma has never used such as a barbecue, three computer screens and a bucket and sponge for washing her car.
But Emma is not alone. It is estimated that 73 per cent of Scots have been hoarding clutter in their homes for as long as 18 years, according to a new survey.
Research commissioned by MusicMagpie.co.uk also found half of women and more than a third of men in Scotland get stressed by clutter in their homes. Many also said it affected their social life.
The survey found the typical home is crammed full of 186 items of clutter, worth an average of &pound;302.
 

With the help of friends, Emma is making inroads into the clutter and starting to clear some space. She says the mess can be stressful.
“I drive home from work and I’d rather sit in my car and read a book than go into my flat because of the thought of all that mess,” she says.
“I hate it and think I’m going to do something about it and then I get stuck. As much as I joke about it, it’s something I struggle with.”
Growing up, Emma regularly moved with her family and was used to keeping her things in boxes. But it became a hard habit to break.
“Other people throw out their old shoes when they buy a new pair. I’ll buy a new pair but won’t throw out the old pair because I think I might get new soles. The bit of my brain that says ‘throw it out’ is missing.”
Emma says her mum and gran are the same. When her parents had work done on their house, they found wedding presents still in boxes from 37 years ago.
Her mum had also kept her schoolbooks. When her gran moved into a residential home, she found she still had 100s of balls of wool and fabric from skirts she was going to make more than 60 years ago.
She says her brother Jonathan, 32, stored Star Wars memorabilia and computer consoles in his room but had to have a clear out when he got married and had a child.
“He’s grown out of it, thanks to his wife, but I never got to that stage,” says Emma.
Emma lives alone and avoids inviting people into her home. She admits: “Anytime I’ve been in relationships I’ve usually gone to his rather than mine. Even friends don’t get through the front door.
“My best friend turned up unannounced one day and we had to go to the coffee shop across the road because I couldn’t let her into my flat – there was nowhere to sit.
“You can barely get across the floor sometimes. I joke it’s like an assault course for robbers because they wouldn’t be able to find anything to steal. I’d love to invite my friends round for dinner parties and have movie nights but I’m just too ashamed at the state of my flat.
“I do try. It’s not dirty. It’s not rotten food or dirty dishes.
“I do clean – there’s just too much stuff.”
 

Friends have helped Emma, selling CDs and taking nine bags of clothes to charity shops.
There are stacks of books everywhere, which Emma can’t bring herself to throw out even though she’s now bought a Kindle.
“There used to be boxes three deep in my bedroom but now I can vacuum it. If you have no floor space you can’t vacuum,” she said.
“A few years ago before it got really out of control I’d have friends round and I’d pick up everything and put it in the bedroom and shut the door. It would sometimes be so bad I’d then have to sleep on the sofa because I couldn’t even open the door to my bedroom.
“I’ve also slept on the corner of the bed when things were piled on the rest of it.”
A friend helped her clear out her bathroom and took away 28 new bottles of shampoo, 14 conditioners and 16 shower gels.
“I wouldn’t say I’m a shopaholic. I don’t have 1000 handbags or pairs of shoes. But I do have a lot of craft things,” she says.
“When my craft business gets busy it spills over to every part of the house. There are packs of paper in the dish drainer and pots of glitter next to the spices. You’ve got to be careful you don’t accidentally add golden glitter flakes to your curry.
“I used to watch these hoarder programmes and think ‘I’m not that bad’ but recently I’ve been thinking I’m not that far off.
“I need to take action. Part of my problem is I don’t want to throw anything out.
“The other part is that I don’t know where to begin so I just don’t do anything at all.
“I get distracted. I start clearing, then I’ll find a book and start reading it. Or I’ll find a craft project.
“Having someone else there to keep you focused makes a big difference. So we’ve been spending hours blitzing the house.
“I’ve got quite a creative mind and I get ideas and inspiration from different things.
“I stayed in a hotel recently and the room just seemed soulless and empty to me.
“I’m not saying the minimalist look is wrong for people. But for me I like to be surrounded by objects that have memories.
“A lot of my possessions mean a lot to me, it’s not junk.
“They are things that have history and stories behind them.”
 