THE former MP and MSP has travelled 26,000 miles on the Yes campaign trail – and he's sure his camp will be first to cross the finishing line. Yes Scotland takeover: Dennis Canavan's marathon effort to convince Scotland to go it alone - Daily Record DENNIS Canavan is officially Yes Scotland’s marathon man – crossing the 26,000-mile mark on the campaign trail last night.
Not bad for a man who was easing his way into retirement a few&nbsp;years ago.
With under a fortnight to go until the big vote, Dennis – who famously dubbed the referendum campaign “a marathon, not a sprint” – said: “The finishing line is now in sight. And I’m confident we’ll dash over as winners because more and more people are beginning to realise that this is too good an opportunity to pass up.”
On Monday evening, he will pass another major milestone when he addresses a public meeting in Cowdenbeath, the Fife town of his birth.
“That will be quite special,” he said.

Dennis gave up the chance of a well-earned retirement in 2007 to become chairman of the Yes Scotland advisory board. Since taking up the role, he has:
●Travelled 26,000 miles by bus, train - and bicycle
●Spoken at 122 meetings the length and breadth of Scotland
●Given 118 interviews for TV, radio, newspapers and magazines

He said: “It’s been hard work but I have to say I’ve enjoyed every minute. And I’m certainly savouring the next two weeks because I have a&nbsp;strong feeling all the hard work is going to pay off.”
His travels&nbsp;have taken him from Stornoway to Stranraer, Kirkwall to Kirkcaldy and Dunoon to Dundee.

Dennis said: ‘I have certainly seen a fair bit of Scotland and met a lot of good and interesting people.
“It’s been like having a conversation with the nation.
“The thing that has struck me&nbsp;most is the turnout we’ve had at our meetings.
“In Glasgow last year, we must have had&nbsp;an audience of more than 500.
“In Stornoway, 200 people turned out and even in tiny Benbecula we had 50 folk for a meeting in the local school.”

The former Labour MP and independent MSP added: ‘My experience at Westminster – and the manner in which it has drifted further and further away from traditional Scottish values, needs and priorities – finally persuaded me that only with independence could we build a fairer, more socially just Scotland&nbsp;with more emphasis on eradicating child poverty instead of wasting billions on weapons of mass destruction.
“And I am convinced that voting Yes will not only enable us to create a better country, it can also be the saviour of Scottish Labour .”
 