AQSA Mahmood tweets about Islamic State propaganda, promotes the slaughter of innocents in the west and her love for Pringles and Disney movies. Irn-Bru bride of Jihad: Scots family left 'broken' after their daughter fled to Syria to marry terrorist from Islamic State - Daily Record A SCOTS family have been left “broken” after their daughter fled to Syria to marry a terrorist from the savage Islamic State.
Aqsa Mahmood, 20, enjoyed a privileged childhood in Glasgow, where her dad is a respected hotel boss.
She now lives in the Syrian war zone as the wife of an IS fighter, and urges others to join the “jihad” by murdering innocent civilians in the West.
A friend of Mahmood’s family said yesterday that her descent into fanaticism had “absolutely devastated” her parents.
The source told the Record: “Aqsa vanished at the back end of last year. Her dad didn’t know anything about it.

“The family think she was brainwashed online. They are broken by her disappearance.
“They are a private family and this has made it so hard for them.”
Mahmood urged other Muslims on Twitter in June to join the Islamic State’s bloody cause by copying atrocities including the murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby outside Woolwich Barracks in London last year.
She also glorified the 2009 murders of 13 people at the Fort Hood army base in Texas in 2009 and the killing of three innocent people in the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing.
 

Mahmood wrote: “Follow the examples of your brothers from Woolwich, Texas and Boston.
“If you cannot make it to the battlefield, then bring the battlefield to yourself.”
Mahmood illustrated her Twitter account, now closed down, with an IS black flag.
But despite her hatred of the West, she also tweeted longingly about how much she missed Irn-Bru, and described her love of Pringles, KitKats and Disney movies.
An estimated 500 British Muslim men have joined IS murder squads in Syria and Iraq.

The terror group have seized a swathe of territory on either side of the countries’ shared border, massacring their opponents and innocent people of other faiths as they try to impose their vicious, twisted version of Islam.
Ministers here fear UK fighters will return home to commit terror attacks on our soil and this week rushed out a package of measures to try to stop them.
Mahmood lived in an upmarket home in Pollokshields on Glasgow’s south side with hotelier father Muzaffar, 51, mum Khalida, 43, and their two other children.
She went to &pound;3500-a-term Craigholme school, which describes itself as “the top independent girls’ school in the west of Scotland”.

And she enjoyed watching top Scots cricket team Clydesdale, where her dad and elder brother both played.
Mahmood moved to state school Shawlands Academy after poor exam results, and started wearing a Muslim head scarf and taking a strong interest in Islam.
She later dropped out of a radiography course at Glasgow Caledonian University, then disappeared late last year and resurfaced in Syria, using the name Umm Layth.
A former school friend said: “We just wanted to study hard and get to university. We used to study together.
“We all believed we would have our education behind us, have a job then become mothers and be part-time.
“That’s how she felt through school, I don’t know if that changed.”
Other pals said Mahmood loved Khaled Hosseini’s novel A Thousand Splendid Suns, which describes the savagery of the Taliban in Afghanistan.
She also enjoyed the Harry Potter books, but stopped reading them after an extremist cleric claimed they promoted “paganism”.
 

Once in Syria, Mahmood wrote online about witnessing barbaric IS punishments, including “hand cuttings”.
But she also described the pain of listening to her family begging her to return home.
Mahmood wrote: “Sometimes it would be easier for you to accept your parents disowning you and wanting nothing to do with you.
“However when you hear them sob and beg like crazy on the phone for you to come back, it’s so hard.”
Mahmood’s father declined to comment at his home yesterday.
In a statement issued through police, the family said: “We had no knowledge of our daughter’s plans to leave Scotland and immediately reported her as a missing person.
“Aqsa is a studious and ambitious girl and we cannot understand why she has travelled to Syria.
“We are struggling to come to terms with the situation and are working with the police. We do not wish to make further comment at this time and wish to be left to deal with this in private.”
Craigholme’s principal, Brendan Farrelly, said: “Aqsa Mahmood was a pupil here from 2005 until three years ago. She left at the end of S5 in 2011.
“It is our policy not to comment on individual pupils, past or present.”
Police said: “A 19-year-old female from Scotland was reported missing to us by her family in November 2013.
“Inquiries are ongoing in relation to her whereabouts and we are supporting her family.”
 