Glasgow-based intellectual property advisory firm said currency movements, pricing pressures and lower revenues from its European business had impacted on full-year profits Glasgow-based intellectual property advisory firm said currency movements, pricing pressures and lower revenues from its European business had impacted on full-year profits - Daily Record Patent attorneys Murgitroyd Group is reporting a 13 per cent dip in full-year pre-tax profits, largely from the impact of foreign currency movements.
The Glasgow-based intellectual property advisory firm had warned in a trading update in May its full-year profits would be lower than forecast, but at “no less than &pound;4 million”.
The AIM-listed firm notes in an unaudited pre-close trading update, pre-tax profits for the year to May 31 are expected to be &pound;4.1 million, down 13 per cent on the &pound;4.61 million booked the previous year.
Profits were down despite the group booking turnover growth of 6.6 per cent to &pound;38.4 million, though the group said “pricing pressures” had also been an issue in the year, as had revenue contraction in the European market.
On an operating level, profits slipped to &pound;4.13 million from &pound;4.67 million the previous year.
Murgitroyd Group is proposing a final dividend of 9.5 pence per share, lifting the total annual dividend six per cent to 13.25 pence (2013: 12.5 pence) with the board also promising to adopt a “more aggressive dividend policy”.
Group chairman, Ian Murgitroyd, said: &quot;We are pleased to once again report growth for the year.
“The reduction in earnings, caused in part by unfavourable foreign exchange rate movements, is disappointing, but we remain encouraged by our ability to win new business, believing it to be a reflection of the high quality service offering we provide.
“The market in which we operate continues to display growth but pricing pressure remains.
“As such, our commitment to ongoing investment in business development, sales and marketing, people and the development of our internal systems is an essential component to our future strategy, helping to build a robust platform to deliver sustainable long-term growth, both in revenue and earnings terms.
“2015 will see us focus on the European market with the aim of reversing the recent contraction of revenues in this market, alongside our continued drive to pursue growth in the US.
“We are confident in our strategy and in our ability to continue to generate further value for shareholders. Reflecting this confidence, as well as the Group's strong cash flows, is our commitment to an aggressive dividend policy.”
Shares in Murgitroyd Group were down more than five per cent in Monday trading following the interim results announcement.
 