AQSA Mahmood left her home in November last year. Within months, she was married to an Islamic State muhajid and promoting acts of terror in the west. From Matilda to martyrdom: Scottish war bride took just months to descend from student to fanaticism - Daily Record CHILLING social media postings chart Aqsa Mahmood’s rapid transformation from idealistic schoolgirl to fanatical war bride.
Months after she left the comfort of her home in Scotland, she was married to an Islamic State fighter and living with two so-called “sisters” in a war zone.
Now calling herself Umm Layth, Mahmood uses online blogs and social media to communicate with other Muslim women in the West thinking of going to Shaam – the jihadists’ name for Syria and the Levant region.
She is unrecognisable as the Glasgow girl who bickered with her sister, argued with her mum about her appearance and was raised on the books of Roald Dahl and JK Rowling.

In her own words, Mahmood tells of breaking her ties to Scotland and her parents’ attempts to get her home.
She writes: “Some people assume it will be easy, family will disown them and want nothing to do with them… if only it was as easy as that.
“Leaving your family behind for the sake of Allah is a big enough trial to handle, but realistically that is the smallest hurdle you will face along this blessed path involving your family.
“Preparing yourself to leave is difficult because you are leaving the woman who kept you in her womb for nine months, who breastfed you, who stayed up all night taking care of your needs and the person who you truly feel at home with.
 

“Even if you know how right this path is and how your love for Allah comes before anything, this is still an ache which only one who has been through and experienced it can understand.
“Sometimes it would be easier for you to accept your parents disowning you and wanting nothing to do with you. However when you hear them sob and beg on the phone for you to come back, it’s so hard.”
Mahmood, 20, lived with her businessman dad Muzaffar and mum Khalida in the affluent Glasgow suburb of Pollokshields.
She attended exclusive Craigholme girls’ school, where friends remember a “usual Asian Muslim girl” who was into music and had a crush on movie star Zac Efron.
An avid reader, she once posted a picture of a passage from Roald Dahl’s classic Matilda on Twitter.
But in her fifth year at Craigholme, Mahmood began to wear a hijab covering her hair and take more of an interest in Islam.
After disappointing Higher results, her parents moved her to Shawlands Academy.
She later enrolled at Glasgow Caledonian University to study diagnostic radiography, but she soon dropped out.
And in January last year, she started a Tumblr account dedicated to broadcasting her new Islamist worldview.
Pictures she posted include the bodies of so-called martyrs in Syria. She quoted passages justifying the slaughter of “Kuffar” – a derogatory term for non-Muslims.
A Twitter account for her new alter ego, Umm Layth, was activated in August 2013, glorifying the murders perpetrated by IS in Syria.
But still there were glimpses of the self-conscious teenage girl underneath it all.
Mahmood wrote: “I can handle people assuming stuff about me and thinking of me negatively but when somebody involves my friends and those I care for, then I take it personally.”
There were also hints that her new-found zealotry sat uneasily with her family.
She said: “I asked my dad to get me some books while he goes to Pakistan next week. He got angry and said, ‘What? Al-Qaeda type books?’ My parents genuinely think I’m extremist.”
 

Mahmood was reported missing by her parents last November.
Police are still trying to piece together how she managed to flee the country but it is understood that she travelled with a Canadian Muslim known only as Umm Haritha, who calls herself “@bintladen1” on Twitter.
Reaching Syria, the pair married IS fighters and settled in the small town of Manbij near the Turkish border.
They lived with a woman called Umm Ubaydah, who is thought to be British, and are in regular contact with an IS fighter from London called Abu Ibrahim Britaini.
Mahood has since posted pictures of herself with the two women in Syria wearing full burkha dress and holding the child of another “sister”.
She uses social media to glorify terrorist acts of murder.
Under the username @AlBrittaniyah, she wrote: “Only after becoming the wife of a Mujahid (soldier of God) do you realise why there is so much reward in this action. Your husband is your only family, and to be able to sacrifice that is easier said than done.”

After her story emerged yesterday, Mahmood deleted her “Umm Layth” Twitter account.
The Tumblr blog she uses to provide practical advice for women making the journey to Syria remains active.
Her tips include visiting GPs to get the necessary vaccinations before travel and bringing painkillers and diarrhoea tablets. She also suggests taking make-up if they are to be married on arrival, adding: “Trust me, there is absolutely nothing here… unless you plan on looking like a clown.”
Despite Mahood’s tough exterior, there is evidence that her transition hasn’t been an easy one. She describes cravings for Western snacks such as Pringles and Irn-Bru.
Friends tease her about failing to learn the local language in case their homes are raided by government fighters.
But most heartbreaking for her family are her repeated messages about missing her mum.
Mahmood writes: “Four months have passed since I last saw your smile. And four months have passed since I departed without a goodbye.
“The right of a final hug and the last kiss I took away from you, my beloved.
“But there is not a day that goes by where my body does not yearn for your affection.”

 