WE hit the streets of Scotland's biggest cities and find Better Together's 12-point home rule plan is too little, too late to change most people's minds. Independence referendum: Voters not convinced by Better Together's last-gasp Scottish Devo-Max proposals - Daily Record VOTERS remained for the most part unconvinced by the late, late show from the No campaign’s proposals for further powers for Scotland.
We took Gordon Brown's 12-point home rule plan on to the streets of Glasgow, Edinburgh, Dundee and Aberdeen yesterday.
And while some people welcomed the former PM’s concrete proposals, most were sceptical and unswayed.
Paddy McKenna , 55, and wife Gillian , 47, from Tobermory, on the Isle of Mull, are both Yes voters.
Supermarket worker Paddy said: “I think independence is a amazing opportunity for Scotland to take control and get rid of the Tories for good.
“I wouldn’t be swayed one bit by these so-called new powers. It is a joke. They had the opportunity to offer more powers right back at the beginning and they didn’t take it.
“Basically, they are saying that they will give a few concessions, while keeping a choke hold on the money.”
Gillian, a carer, said: “I am voting Yes because I don’t want my Government to get involved in wars where children are killed, and in spending money on nuclear bombs.
“I don’t support Alex Salmond but I want the new democracy that independence will bring to Scotland. To me the powers Gordon Brown is offering are irrelevant.”
Yonnis Ali , 32, a nurse from Glasgow’s Newton Mearns, said: “I have already voted by postal vote and I voted yes.
“It is ridiculous that they are coming up with this stuff at this stage of the game, I can remember when Alex Salmond was wanting Devo-Max on the ballot paper and Westminster said no.
“Proper new powers might have changed my mind a couple of years ago if a proper plan had been laid out, but I wouldn’t be taking much notice of these so called powers even if I hadn’t already voted.”
Bank worker Nicola Courts , 27, from Glasgow’s south side, is undecided. She said: “I will have a look at new powers if they are on offer and maybe it will sway me.
“I have just bought a flat and I have been reading stories about mortgages going up if we are independent which would be a concern for me.”
 

Stevie Diamond , 52, a window fitter from Kilmarnock, said: “I am undecided on how I will vote, but I think this new powers stuff smacks of desperation, they have seen what is happening in the polls and they are panicking. Gordon Brown is clutching the last straw.”
Student Rachel McIntosh , 19, from Tradeston, Glasgow, said: “If there have been new powers offered I think it would be worth at least looking at but it does seem like something that has put together at the last minute.”
Fraser Cursiter , 24, a bank worker from West Linton in the Borders, said: “I’m voting yes, the new powers are a complete act of desperation and people can see through it.
“They have realised that yes are on the verge of winning and so they are saying please don’t go and we will give you new powers. The UK Government have been trying to scare us all through this campaign, but it’s them that are scared now.”
Zahra Ali, 24, an IT analyst programmer from Glasgow’s south side, said: “I am still undecided so I’m interested in reading more about this new offer of powers.
“It is all a bit late in the day and it looks like they are just worried there is going to be a no vote.
“But at least it is better than all the scare stories that we have been getting from the no campaign, so it’s great that they are doing something positive at last.”
Nicholas Blurton , 23, a currency dealer from Willowbrae, Edinburgh, said the promise of more devolved powers would not change his ‘Yes’ vote.
He said: “It’s too little too late. It’s also unfair as many people have sent in postal ballots already and those voters did not have this information beforehand.
“If this announcement had been made a couple of months ago, rather than after the YouGov poll which showed ‘Yes’ in the lead, then it might have had some persuasive effect.
As it stands, it comes across as a desperate measure and the majority of people I have spoken to think the same.”
Catherine McGarva , 70, a Medecins Sans Frontieres worker from Liberton, Edinburgh, is a ‘Yes’ voter. She said: “I don’t trust any of the party leaders in Scotland outside the SNP.
This announcement was so last minute as to be laughable. They should have taken this step months ago if they wanted it to be taken seriously.
“I don’t trust David Cameron or the other party leaders to deliver these devolved powers anyway.”
Barry Knight , 70, a retired chemist from Trinity, Edinburgh, said he will continue to vote ‘No’. He said: “I would be in favour of more devolved powers and I believe they would be delivered if we vote ‘No’.
It does slightly smack of desperation, which plays into the hands of he ‘Yes’ campaign, but it was the right thing to do.”
Martin Laing , 47, an able seaman with the Royal Navy from Leith, Edinburgh, is a ‘No’ voter. He said: “I hope this can sway some of the ‘don’t knows’.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 

You need someone like Gordon Brown who is passionate about his country, loves his country and its people, but knows the situation really well and can help people make a sensible decision.
“I think Cameron, Clegg and Milliband should have done so much more so much sooner.”
Liz MacLennan , 48, an English teacher from Portobello, Edinburgh said the announcement would not change her ‘Yes’ vote.
She said: “I don’t think they should be able to make this offer on devolved powers at this late stage. I think it’s unfair and too late in the day really. Hopefully most people have made their minds up by now.
“If there was a ‘No’ vote, I believe these devolved powers would be watered down. There’s no way you could trust them down in London. I think it’s a bribe that would be taken away.”
Audrey MacLeod , 60, a civil servant from Colinton Mains, Edinburgh, is voting ‘No’. She said: “I’m not sure the party leaders should come up to Scotland because it might look like they have panicked.
“But what they are saying is wise. It’s pragmatic to go for the best of both worlds. We can have more powers and enjoy the benefits of being united and that’s the message they need to get across before it’s too late.”
Husband and wife team Ronnie and Elaine Kenneth are both voting yes.
The couple, from Invergowrie, near Dundee, who have four children including 4-year-old Sasha said they were always going to vote for independence.
Elaine, 40, said: “I want a Scottish based government in total charge of this country’s affairs – not a parliament in London. Gordon Brown’s a politician so can we believe anything he says? It’s far too little too late and stinks of desperation.”
Ronnie, 41, added: “Cameron and Miliband are just going to bring the No campaign’s scaremongering tactics with them to Scotland. There is very little positive about what they will try to say.”
Former teacher Sandra Campbell , 68, is voting Yes. She said: “Scotland has to be governed by politicians chosen by the people of this country.
&quot;We want people who are in tune with Scotland, its values and psyche. Westminster is loaded with an Eton-educated, ruling class who are so far removed from us that it’s laughable.
&quot;I have no faith in them having the same moral outlook to me or fellow Scots. Brown’s 12-point plan and the leaders’ trip north have come far too late and look like a panic move from the No campaign.”
Casino croupier Rebecca Titheridge , who lives and works in Dundee, is voting No.
The 29-year-old, who is originally from Blairgowrie, in Perthshire, said: “I made my mind up a while back so Mr Brown’s 12-point plan doesn’t really affect me – if anything it reinforces my opinions
&quot;I think the time is not quite right for independence. We’ve been in a deep financial crisis for the last few years and are just starting to climb out of it and get it sorted.”
Mark Wright , a driving instructor, from Dundee, declined to tell us which way he intended to vote but said that Gordon Brown’s last ditch announcement has had no effect on his decision.
The 27-year-old who is originally from Oxford but has lived in Scotland for 8 years, said: “I have been pretty much decided for a long time now. Brown’s 12-point plan is interesting but how much can you trust what a politician says these days?
&quot;I did wonder why it took the No campaign this long to wheel out this announcement.”
Retired postman Doug Wilkie has already used his postal vote and said that the 12-point plan would have made no difference.
The 69-year-old, from Dundee, who was also reluctant to let us know which way he decided, said: “It does scream of a bit of desperation from the No campaign because in my opinion Brown was the worst PM we’ve ever had.”
Sophie Brown , 18-year-old law student from Aberdeen, will vote for the first time and it will be a no.
She said: “I read a really good article about the economy and it was compared with Spain’s and it made sense saying you can’t share a currency if you don’t have the same government.
“I always wanted more devolved powers if we were to stay part of the UK. That would have convinced me. I’d have probably preferred Devo Max to be on the ballot.”
Allan Gardener , 21, a social media consultant from Aberdeen, said: “I’ll be voting Yes. Gordon Brown’s announcement did nothing to sway my mind.
“I’m voting yes based on the fact I think it will be a lot easier to regulate a government that’s based in Edinburgh than regulate one that is in London.
“Gordon Brown’s announcement is down to panic. If they were going to offer Devo Max it would have been on the ballot. It’s absolutely them hitting the panic button.”
Donald Blues , 72, part-time oil worker, said that had the referendum been 50 years ago he may have voted yes but that his mind was firmly made-up prior to Brown’s announcement.
He said: “I’m worried about my pension, my post office pension.
“If Scotland had wanted to go independent 50 years ago maybe, but not now, it’s too late.”
Duncan Esson , 58, retired offshore worker, said: “I’m a Yes voter. Gordon Brown’s plan didn’t make any difference whatsoever.
“I just think it’s time we had our own government and we were in total control over our own finances.
“It’s totally too late. Postal votes are already in so what is the point of it? It’s desperation.
“If more powers had been an option Devo Max would have been on the ballot and there’s no guarantee there now.”
John Hebditch , 25, journalist, said: “I’m undecided but swaying to no.
“Gordon Brown’s announcement has had no impact on my decision. It does seem a bit desperate.
“I’m swaying to no because I believe in a federal UK. I’m hoping that the next step will go towards that.”
 