THE controversial Scots comedian, who is a Yes supporter, will host an 'autopsy' programme on the iPlayer in the aftermath of the poll on September 18.  Frankie Boyle to host BBC show on independence referendum results - Daily Record CONTROVERSIAL comic Frankie Boyle is to host a BBC programme analysing the Scottish referendum vote - after criticising the corporation's alleged bias on the issue less than a fortnight ago
The comedian, who is a Yes supporter, will front a programme which will mix stand-up comedy with a discussion about the result and its repercussions, which will also feature other comedy stars.
The show will go out outline a few hours after the referendum result on September 18 is revealed.
Boyle - who has upset viewers and watchdogs with some of his on-screen comments - accused the BBC of being biased in favour of Scotland remaining part of the UK when he took part in a session at the Guardian Edinburgh International Television Festival last month.
He claimed the BBC had a vested interest in a No vote because Scottish licence payers contributed &quot;probably a &pound;200million a year subsidy to the BBC&quot;.

Boyle, of Glasgow, was a regular face on BBC show Mock The Week but left in 2009 after the BBC Trust ruled the programme broke editorial guidelines over a joke which he made about the appearance of the swimmer Rebecca Adlington .
His programme, called Frankie Boyle ’s Referendum Autopsy, will be available only on the BBC iPlayer on demand service.
The BBC said the programme, which will also feature other comics, would “analyse the campaign, scrutinise the celebrity endorsements, dissect the part that social media played in the lead up to the vote and take a satirical look at how the news at home and abroad covered the event”.
 &nbsp;
Victoria Jaye, head of TV content, BBC iPlayer, said: “The Scottish Referendum is one of the most significant political events of our time and we want BBC iPlayer to draw on the power of comedy to reflect on its outcome in a special, one-off event.
“Frankie is uniquely placed to create this for us, as one of the leading voices in modern satire.”

 