FIRST Minister believes the fact David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg are having to jet in to Scotland shows that Yes camp's rivals are now in a state of panic. Independence referendum: Alex Salmond says No campaign is 'falling apart' as Westminster leaders rush north to campaign - Daily Record ALEX Salmond yesterday claimed the No campaign was “falling apart at the seams” as David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg dropped everything in a bid to save the Union.
The leaders of the three main Westminster parties will skip Prime Minister’s Questions today to fly to the campaign trail in Scotland.
In a joint statement, they said: “There is a lot that divides us. But there’s one thing on which we agree passionately – the United Kingdom is better together.
“That’s why all of us are agreed the right place for us to be tomorrow is in Scotland.
“We want to be listening and talking to voters about the huge choice they face.
“Our message to the Scottish people will be simple: we want you to stay.”
Cameron and Miliband met on Monday to agree the emergency plan after polling suggested the referendum vote is neck and neck.
 

The three men will campaign separately – the Prime Minister in Edinburgh, the Labour leader in Glasgow and the Lib Dem leader in the Borders. Cameron had not planned to visit Scotland until next week.
A bullish Salmond claimed the trio’s move would play into Yes’s hands.
He said: “Together, David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg are the most distrusted Westminster politicians ever.
“Their collective presence in Scotland will be another massive boost for the Yes campaign.
“The message of this extraordinary, last-minute reaction is that the Westminster elite are in a state of absolute panic as the ground in Scotland shifts under their feet.
“It is a very significant day in the campaign. This is the day the No campaign fell apart at the seams.”
Cameron, Miliband and Clegg are all set to back the fast-track plan for more devolution unveiled by Gordon Brown on Monday.
But Salmond claimed the blueprint contained nothing new and would not convince Scottish voters.
Speaking at St Giles’ Cathedral in Edinburgh, where he met European Yes supporters, the First Minister said: “These are people who were 48 hours ago saying there was to be more on offer to Scotland – that’s what George Osborne said.
“Now we find out it was a recycling of the same package that was offered in three different ways in the spring and has been judged by the Scottish people to be totally inadequate.”
 

Cameron will face calls to quit if Scotland votes Yes but he dodged questions over his own future yesterday.
He said: “I do really care about this issue, I care passionately about the United Kingdom and I want to do everything I can to put the arguments in front of the people.
“It is for the Scottish people to decide, but I want them to know – and I speak as the Prime Minister – that we want you to stay.”
He reinforced his plea to Scotland by ordering the Saltire to be flown over No10, although workmen had a spot of trouble getting it on to the flagpole.
A spokesman denied it was a trivial move, saying: “One of the things Cabinet discussed this morning is that there is nothing more important than the future of the United Kingdom and the future of Scotland.
“The prime minister has been very clear in his message that we want you to stay and I would put the flying of the&nbsp;Saltire firmly in that context.”
THE SNP flatly denied a report that Salmond had joked over Nationalist threats not to take a share of UK debt if the Westminster parties refuse a currency union after independence.
ITN claimed that he privately asked: “What are they going to do? Invade?”
 