SISTER Maureen McCollum speaks about her life as a nun 100 years since the Society of Helpers Roman Catholic order came to Glasgow. Sister McCollum on her holy mission to help others and why she swapped fashion and rock&roll to do it - Daily Record A FRESH-FACED 20-year-old in a smart grey skirt-suit and white blouse posed for a photo alongside friends – and the next day she went ahead with the biggest decision of her life.
Maureen McCollum joined the Society of Helpers, a Roman Catholic order of nuns in Glasgow.
She’d worked for three years in the statistics office of the city’s police HQ before deciding to swap 50s fashions and rock and roll for a full religious habit and a quiet convent of nuns.
“I felt I wanted to do more with my life than tot up numbers,” she explained.
“Faith is a gift – it’s not given to everybody, I guess.”
Now her life was about her devotion to God and helping others.
Another photo taken days later shows Sister Maureen looking very different in a black serge dress with a starched white collar.
For the next 20 years, all she would wear would be variations on the habit until the rules on clothing relaxed.
Today, she is 81 and lives in a house in Glasgow but she’s still busy helping others, including teaching English to refugees, asylum seekers and economic migrants, and volunteering for hospital radio. Her mind is as sharp as ever and she’s mastering the technology of a new tablet so she can keep in touch with her fellow Sisters across the globe.
 

It was very different in the early days living in a convent in Langside in Glasgow’s southside. She said: “It was almost like an enclosed life – but we were active in the community. We visited the sick and we taught children and had youth clubs.”
Maureen knew she was walking away from marrying or having a family of her own – but she doesn’t feel she missed out.
She said: “I had a normal teenager’s life. We used to go dancing. I had boyfriends but nothing serious.”
Maureen liked to travel and, by 16, had been to Holland, Belgium, Germany and Luxembourg.
She said: “When I joined the order, the worst thing was I had to give up travel. It was a huge sacrifice. People used to say to me, ‘You’re making a big decision’. But I had friends who married at 18, which was for life then.
“And I could have got out of being a nun. It took eight years before I made my final vows so I could have changed my mind in that time.”
Three years after joining the order, she took her first vows as a novice and had to change her name to Sister Mary Andrew. “Our identities had to be changed to make everyone equal,” she said. “It was levelling. I had to have the name of a saint so I picked Andrew as Andrew was the patron saint of Scotland, St Andrew’s Cathedral was my parish and I worked in St Andrews Street.”
In 1963, changes meant nuns could return to their original names. Initially, the order was strict and even the choice of what music could be played in the convent was down to the Superior, who might allow classical tunes. But the rules gradually relaxed.
“I was based in London in the 60s and ran a youth club. It was an amazing decade for young people’s music and I knew The Beatles very well,” she said.
 

By the 70s, the rules on dress also relaxed and the nuns began wearing everyday clothes. As the church evolved over the years, so did her role as a nun.
She even trained in the media, working in broadcasting, and today participates in hospital radio.
But throughout it all, she’s helped countless people over the years and continues to do so.
“It’s a vocation,” she explained. There are about 700 Sisters in the order across the world including Africa and India.
When the order came to Glasgow, as World War I began, to set up a retreat and then later also a conference centre in Langside, there were 24 in the community. But the building closed in the 70s. Now there are only six Sisters left in Glasgow still serving the community but living in their own homes – the youngest is 62.
An article in the Catholic Observer from 1914 shows how all the churches in Glasgow came together to help 8000 Belgian refugees fleeing the Germans during the war and the nuns in took in many of the refugees.
Over the years, the centre has catered for many thousands – from those in need of solace or help and counsel. Very poor mums would visit for an evening break away from their difficulties.
Sister Maureen has never doubted her vocation. “There are ups and downs and health issues you have to deal with. But I never had any deep doubts as to whether I should be here or not,” she said. On today’s society, she added: “It’s a throwaway world at all levels with the way people are treated, as well as religion. Sometimes we throw away our gifts and time on things that aren’t important. That’s what you want to avoid.
“Our role in society is a Christian commitment to bring people together, rather than throw away things, and help them to develop and have a good quality of life.”
On November 1, a special mass will take place at Glasgow’s St Andrew’s Cathedral to mark their centenary.
“It is a gathering to remember and celebrate what’s been achieved in Glasgow and elsewhere,” she said.
The order are planning to produce a booklet of the group’s history in Scotland. Anyone with memories connected to the order can email langside14@gmail.com
 