WAXED moustaches and penny farthings were order of the day in genteel fundraiser for the Linda Norgrove Foundation. It was transports of delight as 100 cyclists saddled up for the Harris Tweed Ride - Daily Record IT'S Sunday lunchtime in the centre of Glasgow, and two sheep are standing outside The Blythswood Square hotel.
A moustachioed gent is chaining a penny farthing to a fence, while others in plus fours are taking air in the late summer sun with women in seamed stockings sipping tea from delicate china cups.&nbsp;
The sound of a hooter is followed by the rattle of 100 bicycles being unchained from railings of Blythswood Square as a dapper group forms preparing to free wheel down the city centre drumlins on the start of an eight-hour celebration of chic&nbsp;cycling, trendy tweeds and tally-ho.
The fourth annual Harris&nbsp;Tweed&nbsp;Cycle&nbsp;saw more than 100 cyclists take to the saddle wearing classic woollen fabrics instead of the standard Lycra plum squeezers, moving around Glasgow in a genteel organised urban bike run which snaked west and east for scheduled stops in cafes, restaurants and bars.
 

Think of it as an 11-stage Tour de Hipster, unapologetically putting the &quot;twee&quot; in&nbsp;tweed.
At each stop riders were treated to a gratis goodie. Tapas in La Fino at The Rotunda, freshly shucked Loch Fyne oysters at Finnieston's Crabshakk, affogato (ice cream and coffee) at Stravaigin, chips at Merchant City's Gandolfi, a splash of Hendricks' gin at The Brunswick and a nip of beer (craft, of course) at Drygate Brewing Company out east on Duke Street.
Along the way there was music from La Fontaines busking in the Broomielaw sunshine and a breakout of swing dancing to Muldoon's Jazz Band in the Briggait.
The sight of 100 folk on their bikes was literally &nbsp;a traffic-stopper.
On Bothwell Street in the city centre, drivers slowed to a crawl to take snaps of the bearded German sitting bus-height on a splendid penny farthing.&nbsp;
On Byres Road, Sunday afternoon strollers waved, clapped and cheered enthusiastically as if they were witnessing the stragglers from the Commonwealth Games road race.
And in the waxed moustache heartland of &nbsp;Finnieston they pretend not to notice. Everyone looks like this all the time here anyway.
Principally a marketing event for Harris&nbsp;Tweed&nbsp;- hence those city centre sheep - the annual fun ride is also a fundraiser for the Linda Norgrove Foundation, set up in memory of the Scottish aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010. 
 

Organiser Paul Crawford said: &quot;It's a fun event, all about people who love Harris&nbsp;Tweed, and&nbsp;cycling, getting together for a unique social occasion. There's a great cameraderie.
&quot;It's not a pub crawl, and we remind people to enjoy the ride responsibly. People can let their hair down at the end of the day so long as they're not&nbsp;cycling&nbsp;home.&quot;
 The second stage of the Harris Tweed Ride is in Edinburgh on October 4. 
 