MANY of those being forced by crooks to shoplift from Scottish high streets are young females from eastern Europe. Revealed: Lithuanian mobsters behind human trafficking gangs organising slaves to shoplift from Scottish stores - Daily Record HUMAN trafficking gangs are forcing foreign slaves to steal from stores across Scotland in an organised crimewave.
Teenagers, many from eastern Europe, are being press-ganged into shoplifting crews targeting High Street stores in a countrywide blitz.
Gangsters from Lithuania are behind the operation, being probed by Police Scotland’s National Human Trafficking Unit.
Most of the victims being forced to steal are women in their teens and early 20s.
Detective Chief Inspector Ruth Gilfillan, who leads the trafficking unit, said her officers were liaising with police from the eastern European country in a bid to smash the gang, who have targeted Scotland’s major shopping areas including Glasgow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen.
DCI Gilfillan said: “We were contacted by Lithuanian authorities who told us they had received information that people from their country were being forced to shoplift in Scotland.
“Some victims managed to return home and told police, who contacted us. Now we’re involved in a joint operation trying to identify those responsible.
“We’ve still got people here involved in crime who haven’t identified themselves as victims.
“The shoplifting isn’t confined to just one area, it’s throughout the entire country.”
It is one of 22 ongoing trafficking investigations Police Scotland hope will result in convictions as they continue their crackdown on the vile trade.
Police Scotland last month launched an initiative called Operation Lingle, which targets addresses of suspected victims trafficked into the vice industry.
Officers have been visiting premises they believe contain women working as prostitutes to make sure they know who to contact for help should they need it.
DCI Gilfillan added: “Waiting for victims to come to us is not the answer. We need to go looking for them and engage with as many people as possible to have a better understanding of what trafficking looks like in Scotland.
“Traffickers tell victims that if they contact police they’ll be locked up – but we want them to know that’s absolutely not the case.
“Organised gangs think putting a girl in a flat on her own to work as a prostitute won’t come to our attention because it’s not a brothel.
“But we’revisiting these premises with support workers and making sure girls know that they can talk to us and letting them know what help is available to them.
“So we’re pro-actively trying to engage with people in that industry by going to their doors.”
Cases in Scotland have increased, according to figures released last month by the National Crime Agency’s Human Trafficking Centre.
From January to March this year, 36 cases were uncovered.
Twelve of those victims had been forced into prostitution, 12 were in forced labour, three were in domestic servitude and the others were unknown.
One girl who was under 15 was working in the sex industry while three youngsters, the youngest of whom was 12, were in forced labour. In 2013, 66 victims of trafficking were recorded in Scotland.
 