AHMAD'S lawyers launched court bid to ringfence cash over fears that Rangers are about to go bust. Former Rangers director Imran Ahmad wins bid to freeze £620,000 of club's assets - Daily Record FORMER Rangers commercial director Imran Ahmad has succeeded in his bid to have &pound;620,000 in cash frozen in the club's bank account.&nbsp;
Lawyers for Mr Ahmad claim he is owed a &pound;500,000 bonus for the time he spent working at the Scottish championship side.&nbsp;
They went to Edinburgh's Court of Session because they fear that Rangers are about to become insolvent. He is set to take his former employers to court later this year and is concerned that if he were to win his action, Rangers would be too poor to pay him.&nbsp;
His legal team failed on two previous occasions to obtain the order forcing Rangers to put the money aside.
But on Friday, after hearing claims that Rangers were becoming wealthy and were the &quot;envy of English premiership sides&quot; for their financial position, Lord Stewart ruled that there was still a &quot;risk&quot; of the Glasgow side becoming insolvent.&nbsp;
After being told that Rangers currently have &pound;1.2million in cash in their bank accounts, Lord Stewart ordered that the money be set aside immediately.&nbsp;
He added: &quot;I have a great deal of sympathy for Rangers fans who are bystanders in these events. I have formed the view that there is a risk of Rangers becoming insolvent.&nbsp;
&quot;That is not to say there is an actuality or a certainty that insolvency is something that will happen. At this stage, it is only a risk.&quot;
Lord Stewart came to his decision on the second day of proceedings at the Court of Session. Rangers want to appeal against the decision saying the judge has committed a legal error. A hearing to decide whether the appeal should go ahead will be heard on Tuesday.&nbsp;
It is not the first time the attempt to secure a court order has called in court. In February 2014, Lord Tyre disagreed with Ahmad's claim that Rangers were trading while insolvent.
In May, he also lost an attempt to have the money set aside. Judge Lord Armstrong said there was &quot;scope for concern&quot; about Rangers finances. But he also ruled that there was no clear evidence that Rangers were set for insolvency.
Lord Armstrong added: &quot;It cannot be said there is a real possibility of the defender being insolvent [in early 2015 when any potential liability would fall due].&quot;
On Wednesday of this week, the court heard how Mr Ahmad wants half a million pounds from the 'Gers. The businessman's advocate Kenny McBrearty told the court that Rangers revenues had plummeted due to poor season ticket sales and gate revenues.&nbsp;
Mr McBrearty claimed that a forthcoming share issue might only raise &pound;3.6million &nbsp;and only cover some of Rangers financial obligations.
On Wednesday, Mr McBrearty said: &quot;It is not an investment for the long term. It is not an investment in the rebuilding of the club. It is not there to purchase players or improve training facilities. It's no more than a sticking plaster.&quot;
On Friday, Alan Summers QC told the court that Rangers' financial situation was improving.&nbsp;
He told Lord Stewart: &quot;When we were last here, we heard how the share issue would only keep the lights on at Ibrox. I can tell you that the floodlights are back on at Ibrox and are in no danger of being switched off.&nbsp;
&quot;The most turbulent financial period in history is now in the past and the club is moving upwards towards profitablity.&quot;
Mr Summers said two shareholders had given the side a &pound;1.5 million loan and that they were in negotiations with other parties to secure more funding through two un named investors.&nbsp;
The court heard that Edmiston House and Albion Car park were secured against the &pound;1.5million loan which would be partly repaid through cash raised from the forthcoming share issue.
 

Mr Summers added: &quot;Talks are at an advanced stage with two potential investors. The club has not been in rude health for some time. But the situation is improving. The club is trading its way out of difficulties. It's current position is the envy of many English Premiership clubs.&nbsp;
&quot;It is moving upwards through the leagues. The plan is for it to return into the Scottish Premiership and into the promised land of European competition where there is big money to be made through gate money, television rights and the like.&quot;
Mr Summers also told the court that falls in season ticket sales were attributable to the fact that prices had increased 15 to 20 per cent since last season.&nbsp;
Mr Summers said that a total of 23,361 season tickets had been sold this year.&nbsp;
Mr Summers said Rangers was too big to fail and that it would always remain an attractive proposition for investors.&nbsp;
The lawyer also pointed to a legal statement that had been provided to the court by Rangers chief executive Graham Wallace. The statement said the club was in good financial health and would continue to grow.&nbsp;
Mr Summers added: &quot;It would be folly to ignore the club's upward direction. This is a company with difficulties but it is in better condition now than in &nbsp;previous hearings. However, Mr McBrearty said that there too many financial uncertainties surrounding the club. He said there were no guarantees that a forthcoming share issue could generate much needed money for the club. 
 

He also told the court that Mr Wallace's financial statement may contain information which &quot;should be treated with caution.&quot;
Mr McBrearty told the court that there was no proof that the share issue or the season ticket sales could keep the club solvent and that there was no guarantee that investors would come forward to save the side.&nbsp;
He added: &quot;A pattern of diminishing working capital is evident. There is no concrete saviour that there is a saviour for Rangers. I would ask your lordship to grant the warrant.&quot;
The court then heard that Rangers currently have &pound;1.2million cash in the bank. Lord Stewart said that the sum should be arrested immediately.&nbsp;
The sum of &pound;620,000 must be aside from that figure of &pound;1.2million.
Mr Summers asked for leave for appeal to be granted. &nbsp;
Lord Stewart fixed a hearing at the Court of Session for Tuesday. He will decide then whether the appeal can go ahead.&nbsp;
 