Glasgow-based Macfarlane has also raised £3m, before expenses, from new share issue but adds Network Packaging deal "not conditional on the placing" Glasgow-based Macfarlane has also raised £3m, before expenses, from new share issue but adds Network Packaging deal "not conditional on the placing" - Daily Record Packaging firm Macfarlane Group has acquired Wolverhampton-based Network Packaging in a deal worth &pound;7.5 million.
Glasgow-based Macfarlane Group said the deal comprises an initial consideration of &pound;4.9 million of which &pound;4.3 million will be paid in cash, &pound;0.6 million will be settled by the issue of 1,592,360 ordinary shares, AND &pound;2.6 million will become payable in two instalments in t 2015 and 2016, subject to “certain trading targets” being met.
Macfarlane Group has also announced today it has raised &pound;3 million, before expenses, by way of a new share placing, though the group states the Network Packaging acquisition “is not conditional on the placing”.
The group said: “Whilst the acquisition of Network Packaging is not conditional on the Placing completing, the company would like to take the opportunity to issue new equity at this time.
“Without the placing, the acquisition of Network Packaging would see the Group utilising much of its existing banking facilities and therefore limiting the Group’s funding capacity for future acquisitions.”
The group said the placing of eight million shares at 37.5 pence per share with institutional investors, are expected to be admitted to the London stock exchange on October 2.
Macfarlane Group reported in August first-half profits had dipped 25 per cent to &pound;1.2 million despite revenues rising three per cent to &pound;70.1 million.
The dip in profits was attributed to “margin pressure and our increased weighting in the internet retail sector where the trading pattern of customers is more highly focused towards the second half of the year”.
Macfarlane Group reports net debt rose to &pound;11.6 million at the end of the first half, up from &pound;7.2 million last year, which it said reflects a &pound;2.5 million payment towards its pension scheme deficit and its &pound;1.2 million overall acquisition of Reading-based Lane Packaging.
A new, longer term, working capital facility was put in place in February, which the group said would “accommodate working capital requirements, finance for acquisitions and a contribution to reduce the pension scheme deficit”.
Macfarlane had stated in the first-half trading update its future growth is “mostly dependent on our continuing efforts to win new business in target sectors and through value-enhancing acquisitions”.
The group said in the first-half trading update it was confident it would meet full-year performance targets.
Commenting on the placing and acquisition, Macfarlane chief executive, Peter Atkinson, said: &quot;The board is very pleased with the high level of support being shown for its strategy by both new and existing institutional shareholders.
“The successful acquisition of Lane Packaging earlier this year demonstrates our ability to identify, complete and integrate acquisitions effectively.
“Network Packaging is a successful company and today’s acquisition demonstrates our continuing commitment to the strategy of developing our UK Packaging Distribution business.
“We are delighted that the Network Packaging management team will remain with the business.
“They will add to our management capability and their experience in the third-party logistics sector and internet retail will complement the existing Macfarlane strengths in these market sectors.”
&nbsp;
 