JOE McGUIRE reviews this affordable Indian and reveals his weakness for a good curry.. and terrible puns. Restaurant Review: Indian Platform, 1051 Great Western Road, Glasgow - Daily Record GLASGOW is rightly famed for its Indian cuisine.
It is a multiple winner of the Curry Capital of Britain award and city residents, and visitors, are spoilt for choice when it comes to grabbing a chicken tikka or prawn biryani.
I’m on a diet at the moment and had been dreaming of having a curry for nearly a week.
So, when it came to my cheat day, I decided to pop into Great Western Road’s Indian Platform.
Named after the building in which it is housed – the former Kelvinside railway station – its transport legacy is plain to see in the grand architecture of the structure.
 It’s also home to the Italian Bistro, leading to a bit of confusion for my  pal David and I when we visited on Wednesday. 
But pretty soon we were sat at a cosy table.
Looking at the menu, the low prices were immediately apparent.
 

Starters were &pound;2.95 while main courses were &pound;6.95, which seemed pretty decent value – and a good bit cheaper than many Indian restaurants in the city.
I’m a great believer in the adage, ‘You get what you pay for’ though so remained cautious until our first course arrived.
I’d plumped for something I thought was a bit different, sesame chicken, while across the table, David had an old favourite – a poori.
Cooked in a sweet, spicy sauce and sprinkled liberally with sesame seeds, my starter was very good and the chicken tender and flavoursome.
And a stolen mouthful of the poori – a pan-fried chapatti smothered in chicken masala – proved just as tasty.
As an added bonus, the poori provided us with an opportunity for a bit of ‘chaat’ using terrible curry-related puns after I said it was a bit rich (boom boom). And it didn’t ‘pitta’ out until the mains showed up.
I opted for the Murgh tikka (&pound;10.95), a house speciality and one of the few main courses which were a bit more expensive.
 

Delicious marinated chicken barbecued in a charcoal tandoori oven came with its own portion of rice – something many Indian restaurants generally charge you more for anyway – and it was a good-sized portion.
Meanwhile, David stuck to the &pound;6.95 options and went for the Goanese chicken.
Typical of the cuisine of India’s smallest state, this curry was served in a mildly spicy cream coconut sauce livened up with a touch of lemon juice. It was top -otch.
Growing lads that we are, I had also ordered peshwari naan (&pound;1.95) for the table and we got a basket piled high with tasty and freshly cooked flatbread.
After all that, I was in no state for something sweet but my ravenous companion has difficult steering clear of a dessert menu.
Naturally, I grabbed a spoonful of his sticky toffee pudding (&pound;3.95) and wasn’t disappointed.
Leaving full and contented, I tried to figure out if there was anything about the Indian Platform which was below par – because, at those prices, surely something must be lacking.
But the staff were attentive and the food was delicious and well-presented.
The toilets could do with being done up, but they were clean.
All in, I’d say you need to make the Indian Platform a regular stop.
 