HUMZA YOUSAF puts forward his view that an independent Scotland will be able to create more jobs and help keep people in their home country. Humza Yousaf: Say Yes in the referendum to give Scots the choice to stay and work in Scotland - Humza Yousaf - Daily Record ONE of the great things about social media is that it helps you keep in touch and up to date with friends from school and old acquaintances.
I’m not averse to a nosy browse of my friends’ profiles myself, and what strikes me about people of my generation is that so many on my social networks have had to move away from Scotland in order to get a job or further their career.
A significant number of these people have moved to London for jobs. Of course, it is fine if they went by choice but the problem is that so many were forced to go down south as they could not find work in Scotland.
Around 30,000 younger people leave Scotland every year – some of these people may be travelling or have chosen to move but many more of them have to go in search of job opportunities.
With independence, Scotland will have powers over job creation and will be able to create many more jobs. People have the right to work wherever they want but people should not have to leave Scotland for a job or to further their career if they would rather stay here.
Instead of spending billions of pounds on Trident, an independent Scotland could spend money on attracting big firms to create thousands of jobs here.
The Scottish Government’s draft constitution also sets out a guarantee of access to education, training or employment for young people aged up to 24, demonstrating our commitment to providing Scotland’s young people with the best possible future.
With a Yes vote Scotland will gain more power over industrial policy. This will be an opportunity to create more jobs in manufacturing and re-industrialise Scotland. The powers of independence will allow the Scottish Government to strengthen manufacturing, promote innovation, invest in skills and promote Scotland’s goods for export.
In an independent Scotland the aim will be to fill as many jobs as possible locally, however some professions have a shortage of skilled workers. Scotland unfortunately has a shortage in areas such as engineering, with more engineering geologists, hydrogeologists and geophysicists needed to fill existing vacancies.
Scotland has also seen a decrease in students from overseas coming to study here in the wake of tough new immigration rules introduced by the Westminster Government. The biggest decrease has been in students from India: numbers dropped by 30 per cent in a single year. These are the cream of the crop of international talent.
The Scottish Government will put in place an immigration policy that means skills shortages will be tackled and vacancies filled. We will also be able to attract overseas students who benefit the local economy as well as bringing high-talent individuals to Scotland.
Of course, in an independent Scotland we would want to reduce illegal immigration and we will develop and operate a controlled, transparent and efficient system that best meets Scotland’s needs. Our system will also be more efficient than the disaster-prone UK Border Agency.
Over the weekend, the First Minister spoke positively about the important contribution immigrants have made to Scotland. My father, who came to Scotland from Pakistan in the 60s, has employed thousands of locals in his accountancy business in Glasgow’s south side.
The First Minister’s positivity is in stark contrast to senior UK politicians who continue to scaremonger on immigration. Scotland has the dubious pleasure of Nigel Farage coming up here in the final few days to make the case for the Union.
If Nigel Farage is the cheerleader for staying in the UK, then I say “No Thanks!” to the Union.
 