SCOTTISH Ambulance Service bosses have been forced to make a groveling apology to a MS sufferer after he was wrongly stopped from using a free ambulance service to get to hospital. Ambulance Service apologises to Scots MS sufferer after operator tells patient: Phone the Red Cross and pay for help - Daily Record A PATIENT with multiple sclerosis was given a &shy;grovelling apology after being wrongly stopped from using free &shy;ambulance transport to get to hospital.
Graeme Fyffe, 39, from Gartcosh, Lanarkshire, was forced to miss a physio appointment after the blunder by the Scottish Ambulance Service.
Graeme, who is on income support and cannot drive, relied on the service more than a dozen times since being diagnosed with the debilitating condition in January last year.
He was shocked to be told to phone the Red Cross and pay for help instead.
He said: “I phoned like normal for a transfer to hospital on September 1 and they asked me a question I hadn’t heard before about my mobility – whether I could get up two steps unaided. I said, ‘Yes’ and that seems to be what did it.
“They had no idea how hard it is for me to get from my house to the hospital by public transport.
“It just isn’t feasible in my condition. I’d need to walk to the station, change in Glasgow and get a bus to the hospital. When I was told I no longer met the criteria I felt down and depressed.”
The former Royal Mail manager was then forced to cancel his appointment.
His wife Sophie, 36, is now learning to drive to help get him around.
The Record contacted the ambulance service who reviewed Graeme’s case.
An official later phoned him to offer an apology.
An ambulance service spokesman said: “We have contacted Mr Fyffe to &shy;apologise for any stress and anxiety that has been caused and to reassure him that ambulance transport will be provided in future.
“The service is reviewing the way patient requests for ambulance transport are assessed to ensure the fullest understanding of their needs so we can respond appropriately to those who need transport.
“Unfortunately this did not happen in this instance. We have acted quickly to rectify Mr Fyffe’s situation.”
 