ALISTAIR Darling, who is leading the campaign to keep the UK together, said: "We are on the eve of the most momentous decision that Scotland will ever take. Independence referendum: Yes and No leaders make last-gasp rallying call to voters on final day of campaigning - Daily Record LEADING figures from both sides of the independence debate have made a rallying call to voters as the final day of campaigning takes place.
Former chancellor Alistair Darling, who is leading the campaign to keep the UK together, said: &quot;We are on the eve of the most momentous decision that Scotland will ever take.
&quot;We will decide our country's future. It's that important.&quot;
While he insisted it was &quot;very clear that the case for separation has not been made&quot;, Dennis Canavan, chairman of the pro-independence Yes Scotland, urged voters to &quot;go for it&quot; in tomorrow's referendum.
The former Labour MP told the crowd that independence would create a more prosperous and fairer Scotland.

Mr Canavan added: &quot;When we succeed in getting that message across to the people of Scotland, we shall win that famous and historic victory.&quot;
He addressed a rally of activists in Glasgow city centre that was also attended by famous Yes supporters, including Line of Duty actor Martin Compston and Deacon Blue singer Ricky Ross.
Mr Darling, chairman of the Better Together campaign, warned that the &quot;risks of separation are very, very clear&quot; as he addressed a rival rally in Glasgow.
He said: &quot;When we go to the polls tomorrow we are not voting for a one-term government, we are voting for Scotland's future forever, it is that important.

&quot;If we vote to leave, there is no going back.&quot;
Mr Darling continued: &quot;If you have such a momentous decision to take you need to have certainty, but what is very clear at the end of this long campaign from the nationalist side is there is no certainty at all.
&quot;For anyone in Scotland who has any doubt, be in no doubt you have to say No.&quot;
He insisted that the offer of more powers from the three Westminster parties was a better option than the &quot;years of wrangling and uncertainty&quot; that would follow a Yes vote.

Mr Darling said: &quot;A vote to say No is a vote to keep the currency, a vote to say No is to safeguard the payment of pensions, a vote to say No is to guarantee the funding and the strength of our National Health Service.
&quot;A vote to say No is a vote, too, for a stronger, strengthened Scottish Parliament with control over key services like health, like education, to make Scotland stronger, sooner and safer.
&quot;Far better than years of wrangling of uncertainty that would follow a vote for separation.&quot;
While David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg have all pledged to deliver more powers to Holyrood if Scotland rejects independence, Mr Canavan insisted the people of Scotland would &quot;not be fooled&quot;.
The commitment to further devolution, coupled with a promise to maintain the Barnett Formula, which determines how funding is distributed across the UK, could spark a backlash among Conservative backbenchers.
Philip Davies, the Tory MP for Shipley in Yorkshire, said he would not back such a deal.
 

Mr Davies said on Twitter: &quot;For the record I will not be voting to maintain an unfair funding settlement for Scotland, whatever Messrs Cameron, Miliband and Clegg say.
&quot;In the event of a a No vote I will be doing all I can to stop MPs from Scotland voting on issues in Parliament which don't relate to Scotland.&quot;
Mr Canavan said comments such as that showed that the pro-UK campaign was &quot;in a complete state of disarray, with their so-called vow for extra powers for the Scottish Parliament&quot;.
He hit out: &quot;A vow - it looks like something written on the back of a fag packet at the fag end of a long campaign. But the people of Scotland will not be fooled.
&quot;There is only one guarantee of getting more powers for the Scottish Parliament, and that is by voting Yes
&quot;So let's take that message out, let's take our message out to every street, every city, every town, every village. every community, every workplace, every home in Scotland.
&quot;Our message is quite simple, it is a positive message saying it is only by voting Yes on Thursday that the people of Scotland will be empowered, empowered to vote for a new Scotland.
&quot;Yes to a prosperous Scotland, but also a fairer Scotland and a Scotland that will take its proud place in the international community to help to build a better world.&quot;
 