JOE McGUIRE gives his view on the latest restaurant from celebrity chef White that's opened up in Hotel Indigo Restaurant review: Marco Pierre White Steakhouse Bar and Grill, 75 Waterloo Street, Glasgow - Daily Record I’VE always been a bit skeptical about the restaurants of celebrity chefs.
I understand that their name is above the door through dint of ownership, and that they’ll have an intimate hand in the menus and whatnot.
But, barring exceptional circumstances, it’s not going to be them in the kitchen.
Ultimately their name is just there to cloak glamour over a commercial venture.
I’m a man who’s always ready to re-evaluate his opinions however, so with Marco Pierre White – arguably the first celebrity chef and a man described as the Godfather of modern cooking – opening up shop in Glasgow, I popped in to see if I’d be swallowing my scepticism alongside dinner.
Walking through the restaurant’s revolving door, you’re greeted by three things - friendly staff, opulent surrounds and a plethora of photographic portraits of White himself.
 

The stunning decor lends a sense of occasion before you’ve even sat down, but I bet the photos mean White finds it slightly strange when he visits his own restaurant.
We were quickly sat at our cosy booth, and kicked things off with a brace of cocktails.
Claire went for a Glasgow Kiss, a whisky-based concotion that had all the kick of a headbutt to the napper.
I plumped for an Aviation, a delightful blend of dry gin shaken with Marashino ,with a dash of violet liquor, sugar and fresh lemon juice.
Needless to say, after knocking this back I was flying, and more than ready to tackle the starters.
I’m on a bit of a health kick at the minute hich means I’m only supposed to eat protein, and so opted for the smoked salmon starter (&pound;9.50).
This was no chore, with the fish proving a real catch, while across the table a beetroot and goat’s cheese salad (&pound;6.95) was being devoured with gusto.
I sneaked a forkful and it was top notch, the cheese’s strong flavour well complemented by the walnut dressing.
On to the mains, and the protein theme meant the steaks were high as we both chose the eight ounce fillets (&pound;29.95).
A place that bills itself as a steakhouse and grill needs to be spot on with their meat, especially when you’re charging such a pretty penny.
But an exploratory first bite proved the price is right for Marco Pierre White.
Served with onion rings, chips and grilled tomato, the medium-cooked flesh was absolute perfection, flavoursome and juicy.
 

It was a view clearly shared by Claire; when I asked for her opinion I just got appreciative “mmmms” as she scarfed it down.
I must confess, my dietary resolve crumbled when I saw the rather excellent dessert menu, meaning in short order I had the beautifully presented bitter chocolate mousse (&pound;5.50) in front of me.
Rich and melt-in-your mouth delicious, it came with pistachios and a tough yet tasty biscotti, adding up to a lecture from my personal trainer, and a huge smile on my face.
My friend meanwhile quick work of her Eton Mess (&pound;5.50), with a hastily speared forkful proving it to be fab.
The excellent meal left me mellow both towards the world, and the idea of celebrity restaurants, and I’ll happily recommend Marco Pierre White as a great place for a special occasion.
I’m still not sure about the photos however.
 