THE Newton Mearns teen has enjoyed big success, but says that swimming was never originally on the agenda. Paralympic star Andrew Mullen reveals he never intended to be a swimmer.. after scooping double gold at European Championships - Daily Record DOUBLE European champion Andrew Mullen has revealed he never intended to be a swimmer.
Andrew, 17, took golds in the 50m butterfly and the 200m individual medley at the IPC Championships in Eindhoven, Holland, last month.
But Andrew – who had amputations to both arms at birth – said: “I didn’t choose swimming as a sport. But my parents thought it would be a great life skill and it progressed from there.
“I discovered a real passion for racing and swimming competitively.
“It was that love for racing that kept me going. The competitive aspect is probably the thing I love most about swimming.
“I’m competitive with pretty much everything I do so that helps with the motivation.”
Andrew, who bagged his golds in the space of 24 hours, accredits his success to years of training. The Newton Mearns lad said: “I was super happy about the golds.
“I’ve been to major-league championships before and I haven’t been able to come away with any major titles, so to finally do that was a great achievement. I was really pleased.
“I wasn’t shocked, I was pleasantly surprised.”
The highlight of his career to date was competing in the final at London 2012, despite coming away without a medal.
He reached three finals, claiming two fourth-place finishes and coming eighth in the other.
Andrew said: “It was still an amazing experience, playing to a home crowd of 17,500 people.
“It was a great experience that helped me deal with nerves and the pressures of a major final.
“I was just able to put that experience forward and utilise it to perform my best at the European final.”
He is looking forward to swimming in his home town, Glasgow, next year with the World Championships confirmed for the city.
Andrew, who won two silvers at the 2013 championships, said: “I’m really looking forward to performing in Glasgow.
“We had the trials in the same pool and it was great to have my family and fans supporting me.”
&nbsp;
 