Yes, the MCM Scotland Comic Con is back at the SECC in Glasgow. And after last year’s huge success that saw twice the estimated 10,000 visitors arriving at the event, this year it is spread over Saturday and Sunday and has a capacity of 30,000. Fans out in force: Comic buffs gear up to take SECC by storm - Daily Record 
 THIS weekend, you’ll likely bump into Darth Vader, a Transformer or two, possibly Spider-Man, Poison Ivy, a Power Ranger and various Doctor Whos. 
 Yes, the MCM Scotland Comic Con is back at the SECC in Glasgow. And after last year’s huge success that saw twice the estimated 10,000 visitors arriving at the event , this year it is spread over Saturday and Sunday and has a capacity of 30,000. 
Bryan Cooney, MCM Expo co-organiser, said: “We were astonished by the support for the first MCM Scotland Comic Con. You never know what to expect when you are doing a new show and we are hoping people will take it to their hearts once again this year.”
If you are a fan of comic books, sci-fi in films and television, anime and cosplay, this is the event of the year in Scotland.
Cosplay (costume play) fans have been dressing up as their favourite characters at Halloween for years but with the rise of superhero movies it’s become even more popular in the last five years. Someone who has seen it first-hand is Scots actor James Cosmo, 66.

He will be a guest at the weekend mainly for his role as Jeor Mormont, Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch in Game of Thrones.
He said: “I was at a comic con in Chicago and was approached by 10 guys in the most impeccable Night’s Watch uniforms. They marched up in front of me and all got down on one knee saying, ‘Bless us, Lord Commander’. So I went, ‘God bless you all, boys’.
“It was fantastic and they were so pleased. It must have taken them months to get their costumes that good.”
James has become a massive star to a whole new generation of young fans thanks to his Thrones role.
It has taken him to comic cons around the world and he thoroughly enjoys the huge effort made by fans, which adds colour and excitement to the stalls and guest stars. He said: “It’s great people can do their cosplay and meet like-minded people. The comic cons have a lovely atmosphere.

“People can just let themselves go and have a lot of fun all day.
“Cosplay is getting incredibly big. It’s quite astonishing. People are becoming so involved in the genre they most like.
“Now it’s developing into Secret Cinema where they show a movie and then re-enact it.”
Scotland’s comic con weekend will feature guests like Luke Evans, who plays Bowman in the Hobbit movies and stars in upcoming horror film Dracula Untold.
There will be a real treat for fans tomorrow at noon as Luke will present exclusive footage of the new movie, which portrays the origin of the blood-sucking icon.
Also appearing will be Primeval’s Hannah Spearritt and Andrew Lee Potts, Ian McNeice, who played Winston Churchill in Dr Who, and Karen Dotrice, who was little Jane Banks in Mary Poppins.
The event’s anime guest of honour will be Shingo Natsume and comic book artists and writers meeting fans include Paisley-born Gary Erskine, Star Wars illustrator Tanya Roberts and manga artist Yishan Li.
Exhibitors include Universal Pictures and Manga Entertainment and there will be loads of interaction for fans including the Cosplay Masquerade and the free-to-play League of Legends tournament.
Co-organiser Bryan said: “You don’t have to, but many of our visitors love being creative and making their own costumes. It’s fun.
“Cosplay in Britain is on the rise for a number of reasons. For one, huge cosplay-friendly events such as this have opened the eyes of a generation of people who grew up watching anime to the possibilities of cosplay. And then there’s also the way that the internet has massively increased people’s exposure to previously niche hobbies and pastimes.”
As for his favourite memories of last year, Bryan said: “Seeing so many families enjoying the show, so many children in costume and lots of face-painting.”
Of course, a local favourite will be James Cosmo. As well as Game of Thrones, he has appeared in some of Scotland’s best-loved movies including Braveheart, Trainspotting and Highlander, as well as Troy and family favourite The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
James, from Clydebank, had his first taste of television in 1966, in Ransom for a Pretty Girl, and has since appeared in the cream of British television – Dr Finlay’s Casebook, The Persuaders, The Sweeney, Minder, The Professionals, Soldier Soldier and Take the High Road.
James was back in Glasgow this summer shooting Robert Carlyle’s directional debut The Long Midnight of Barney Thomson.
The film, due out next year, also stars Ray Winstone and Emma Thompson.
James said: “I’m a Glaswegian through and through. I love coming up. First place at night I go to Cafe Gandolfi because the food is just the best. I adore it.
“Making the film with Bobby was wonderful. I’ve always been a huge admirer of him as an actor and he was exceptional as a director.
“I hope the film does really, really well because I think Scotland will have another great director on its hands.”
Ever since he played Campbell in 1995’s Braveheart, James has been one of Scotland’s most high-profile actors.
The film, directed by and starring Aussie superstar Mel Gibson began filming 20 years ago this year.
James laughed: “I can’t believe that. My oldest boy was a babe in arms and now he’s a full-grown man. It is one of those very, very few movies that has a timeless quality.
“People watch it even now and still love it. It has a longevity that most films don’t have. Braveheart wasn’t historically accurate but deals with a subject that has resonance all around the world – it’s about freedom, both individual and political.”
He is happy to agree he’s not had a bad run.
James said: “Like every actor, you have to be hit by the lucky stick.
“There are plenty of fine actors out there who don’t work as much as they should.
“I’ve just been blessed with being slapped by the lucky stick a couple of times.”
He may have reached his state pension age last year but with eight projects finished in post-production, filming or ready to go, it’s going to be a while before (to coin the Night’s Watch vow) James’s watch is ended.
 