A MUM who lost her husband after just one day of marriage to cancer, is fighting the disease in her own way by running for Cancer Research on their one year wedding anniversary. Widowed mum tells of wedding heartbreak as she raced to marry love of her life before he died from - Daily Record A HEARTBROKEN mum faced a race against time to marry the love of her life before he died from cancer.
Karen McIntosh and Michael James were together for four years but had just one day as husband and wife before he passed away.
Michael, 43, had skin cancer that spread to his lungs and brain. But he vowed to walk up the aisle – and his fianc&eacute;e was determined to make it happen, taking only a week to organise their big day and choosing a wedding dress without even trying it on.
Now Karen, 35, has paid tribute to her husband, who she married last October in an emotional ceremony watched by close family, including their &shy;children Finlay, three, and Annie, one.
Karen, a nurse, is backing a powerful new TV advert that urges Scots to consider leaving money to Cancer Research UK in their wills.
Karen said: “Even if I’d had a whole year to plan our wedding day it couldn’t have been any better.
“I felt so proud to become Michael’s wife. Michael looked so smart in his dark grey suit and was determined to stand all the way through the ceremony.
“That day was a celebration of our love and precious time together, which I’ll never forget. We were just an &shy;ordinary couple with two young &shy;children who thought our whole lives stretched ahead of us.
“But none of us know what’s going to happen next. I hope research into cancer will help prevent other families going through what we have.”
Now, just weeks from the first wedding &shy;anniversary, Karen, of Dunoon, Argyll, will line up on the start line at Pretty Muddy, a 5K run with muddy &shy;obstacles at Bellahouston Park, Glasgow, for Cancer Research UK, which is coming to &shy;Scotland for the first time on September 13 and 14.
 

She knows each step will hurt but thoughts of everything her husband went through will push her to the finish.
Forestry worker Michael was just 22 when he was diagnosed with melanoma – the deadliest form of skin cancer. It meant major surgery on his right thigh.
He had been clear for more than a decade when he met Karen and they dared to hope it would not return.
Karen said: “We met through friends and just clicked. I knew he was the one for me. We were happy to accept that cancer was in the past.
“Michael was a healthy weight, didn’t smoke and only drank a couple of glasses a wine a week.”
Michael was thrilled to become a dad when their son Finlay arrived in May 2011. Karen said: “Finlay was five weeks premature but perfect. Michael had waited a long time to be a dad and couldn’t be happier. As soon as he came in the door from work at 5.30pm I knew I could put my feet up.”
When Annie arrived in March last year it felt their family was complete.
Sleepless nights and a hectic family life meant they weren’t too worried at first when Michael developed a cough.When he started getting chest pains and becoming breathless he was sent for an urgent X-ray. The results revealed a shadow on his lung.
“We kept hoping it was something else,” said Karen. But more tests confirmed it was cancer and it had spread to his stomach. When Michael &shy;developed headaches, a scan showed it was also in his brain.
“We went from not knowing there was anything wrong to losing Michael in just eight weeks,” said Karen. “Michael kept saying how sorry he was for leaving us. He asked me what I’d like to do and I said I’d like to get married. I found a lace dress, a friend made a five-tier wedding cake and a week later we were married.”
Their wedding at Kilmartin House Museum in Argyll was unforgettable. But Michael suffered a seizure after signing the register and had to go home, where he shared a kiss with his bride before losing consciousness.
Karen is determined to give her &shy;children a wonderful future, as well as keeping their dad’s memory alive.
She said: “It’s made me even more determined to get out there and do something to help stop this happening to some other family.”
****
CANCER Research UK is today launching a drive to encourage more people across the country to remember the charity in their wills after revealing that more than a third of its pioneering work is funded through legacy donations.
The charity’s new TV and radio adverts focus on the power of our signatures, which finalise some of the most important decisions in our lives, such as registering a baby’s birth, buying a home, completing a marriage register or signing a final will and testament.
It also highlights that a signature on a will, leaving money to Cancer Research UK can fund life-saving work so future generations don’t fear cancer the way we do today.
One in three of us will be diagnosed with cancer and through friends and family, it is a disease that touches almost every one of us. Every hour, three people in Scotland are diagnosed with the disease.
Cancer Research UK spends &pound;34million a year on scientific and clinical research.
For more details on how to write a gift into your will, go to www.cruk.org/writeanend or call 0800 7076006.
 