GORDON MATHESON gives his view that a Yes vote would see the SNP continue to give Glasgow less funding. Gordon Matheson: A Yes vote in independence referendum won't stop SNP giving Glasgow a raw deal - Gordon Matheson - Daily Record IN JUST over two weeks we will find out the result of the independence referendum – a vote that will have far-reaching consequences for my home city Glasgow.
I’ll be proud to vote No because I strongly believe we’re better together but I certainly don’t think that Britain’s perfect. We live in the real world after all. However, I also realise that we don’t need to rip up the constitution to deliver real social change.
Along with my fellow council leaders in cities like Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, Newcastle, Nottingham, Sheffield and Leeds, I’ll be working hard to kick out the Tories at the general election in May 2015.
Labour is offering a progressive vision for a stronger Scotland within the United Kingdom. A vision that is much more radical than the narrow approach of nationalism.
We will increase the minimum wage by more than average earnings. We will restore the 50p tax rate for those earning more than &pound;150,000 and introduce a 10p tax rate for low earners. We will deliver a jobs guarantee for young unemployed people.
We know there is a cost of living crisis so we will freeze gas and electricity bills, saving every household an average of &pound;120 each year. We will ensure that those employed in the public sector are guaranteed the Living Wage and promote its payment by all employers – a move that has been resisted by the SNP. And we will abolish the hated bedroom tax.
Labour has always stood up for Glasgow. So while I campaigned to establish a strong Scottish Parliament to take decisions that most directly affect Scotland, I certainly don’t support an SNP government that every year it’s been in power has given Glasgow a smaller share of the available local government budget.
That is money which funds vital services such as education and roads in our city.
If we were given merely the same percentage share of that budget as when the SNP came to power, Glasgow’s council services would have an extra &pound;153million in the last two years. And the nationalists now have the cheek to ask for our support to vote for independence and so transfer all the powers of government to Edinburgh. How do you think Glasgow would fare then?
To change unfair policies you get rid of the government at election time. You don’t tear up the constitution with all the risks and uncertainties this would create.
SEPTEMBER is shaping up to be another fantastic month for Glasgow as we prepare to host the star-studded Ryder Cup Gala Concert at the SSE Hydro Arena.
While the likes of Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson get set to battle it out on the famous course at Gleneagles, Midge Ure, Texas, Nile Rodgers and Amy MacDonald will take to the stage for what is shaping up to be a sensational opening concert.
And while there is no doubt Glasgow knows how to throw a party, the concert is not the only extent of our involvement in the Ryder Cup.
A remarkable 7000 rooms in the city have been booked for media and visitors attending the Ryder Cup through official tour packages, injecting more than &pound;1million into the city’s economy.
That is good news for the city’s hotels, restaurants, shops, bars and other businesses, helping sustain jobs in our thriving tourism and service industries.
So while the golf will be taking place at Gleneagles, the 19th hole will certainly be in Glasgow.
 