WITNESS Gareth Bell watched in horror as the beast dug its jaws into Sarah's neck and dragged her inside his den at the South Lakes Animal Park. Sarah McClay: Tiger 'tore through defective gate and pounced on young Scots zoo keeper' - Daily Record A TIGER tore through a defective gate and pounced on a young Scots zoo keeper before mauling her to death as she screamed for help, an inquest heard.
Zoo visitor Gareth Bell watched in horror as the ferocious beast dug its jaws into Sarah McClay’s neck before dragging her inside his den.
The dad-of-two called out to his wife Mary before turning to see Sarah, screaming as she disappeared through the defective gate of the Tiger House.
He then ran around the enclosure before seeing her arm appear at another door as two tigers - one of them the Sumatran tiger Padang - began fighting over her body.
 

The inquest into Sarah’s death at South Lakes Wild Animal Park&nbsp; in Dalton-on-Furness, Cumbria, heard that on May 24 last year she had spoken with visitors just minutes earlier, telling them tigers ‘fasted’ for a day before they were fed.
Gareth, believed to be the only eyewitness to the attack, said: “As I looked up I saw the tiger come straight through the gate.
“Sarah was behind the door and had been putting something like a bucket in the corner. She had her back to the tiger.
“I saw the tiger coming through the door, it tore straight through.

“It walked past her first because she was in the corner - and it turned to get her.
“Sarah turned around and started, she was not expecting it to be there.
“It turned and pounced, that’s when I shouted for help.
“When I turned back, I looked at exactly where she was.
“The tiger had her by the back of the neck and was dragging her back into the den.”
 

Gareth shouted to Mary - carrying their two-year-old daughter nearby - and she raised the alarm, along with their 10-year-old son, and a group of friends.
“Sarah screamed when I looked around, and I shouted again,” added Gareth, of Newcastle upon Tyne, who had just been on a family holiday in Blackpool when he visited the zoo.
“Then I turned back and the gate had shut.”
As Sarah was dragged by the neck into a the tigers’ den, he saw her arm through another gate in the enclosure.
Under cross examination from Paul Roger, counsel for the zoo, unemployed Gareth confirmed he had seen another tiger come in, and the pair appeared to be fighting over Sarah’s body in what the keepers called their ‘dark den’.
His wife Mary, 33, walking around 30 yards ahead of her husband, added: “There were six of us in a group. We ran in all directions, shouting for help.”
 

Another visitor Nona Usher, of Ashington, Northumberland, told how she and her husband Eric spoke with Sarah just minutes before the tragedy.
“My husband said ‘are you going to feed the tigers now?’ and she explained ‘no, we don’t feed them for three days’.
“I had seen the tiger going in and out earlier, he looked like he was on a mission. He was pacing backwards and forwards, going through a gate and then back, around and around.
“I saw her going through a side gate into the tiger enclosure, she put her bucket down.
“We were walking back just past the shop when a gentleman was screaming ‘the tiger has got the girl’. I was gobsmacked, we were all ushered into the shop....all hell broke loose.”
 

Glasgow-born Sarah was rushed to hospital, but died from “multiple” injuries, including deep wounds to her neck, back, chest, arms and left foot.
The tiger attacked with such force that Sarah’s spine was fractured, her ribs shattered, leaving “unsurvivable” injuries exposing the spinal cord.
 

Her Scots mum Fiona, 50, told the inquest that she had died doing her &quot;dream job&quot;, and would never have wanted the animal destroyed.
Owen Broadhead, Barrow Council senior environmental health officer, who visited the park in the immediate aftermath of the tragedy, said there was a “defective” bolt on one of the gates in the enclosure where Sarah was attacked, but he could not state categorically if it was defective at the time the tiger attacked.
The jury visited the animal park to view the scene of the tragedy.
The inquest continues.

 