Event will also see the official launch of the Construction Scotland Innovation Centre - £9.5 million project to connect industry and academia in a bid to drive innovation Event will also see the official launch of the Construction Scotland Innovation Centre - £9.5 million project to connect industry and academia in a bid to drive innovation - Daily Record Construction Scotland is to host a free inaugural conference in October to bring industry and academia together to discuss the long-term sustainability of the industry in Scotland.
The conference will also see the official launch of the Construction Scotland Innovation Centre - &pound;9.5 million project to connect industry and academia in a bid to drive innovation.
Laing O’Rourke chairman Ray O’Rourke will be the keynote speaker at the event.
Deputy First Minister, Nicola Sturgeon, Planning Minister, Derek Mackay and Minister for Youth Employment, Angela Constance will attend the event and take part in a Construction Summit.
Scottish Enterprise-led Construction Scotland describes itself as a “leadership organisation for the construction industry”, which works with businesses, trade bodies, colleges, universities and the public sector.
Ed Monaghan, chief executive of Mactaggart &amp; Mickel and chairman of Construction Scotland, said: “This is a vital date in those in construction – from small businesses to the large contractors.
“It has been a challenging time for everyone involved in construction, but as the outlook improves it is now up to us as a sector to move forward with confidence and effectively shape our own future.
“Innovation is alive and well in Scotland and projects such as the delivery of the Athletes’ Village, the M74 extension and the replacement Forth crossing are clear evidence of that.
“But unfortunately those types of approaches are not the norm.
“We need to change that, we need to encourage everyone within the sector to embrace the opportunities available and ensure that we capitalise on this unique industry and academic partnership.
“This conference, and the launch of the Innovation Centre, will provide an ideal platform for us to do that.”
The conference will be held at the Grand Central Hotel in Glasgow on Tuesday, October 7.
Registration and attendance at the event is free, and registration details can be found here
Construction Scotland Innovation Centre&nbsp; (CSIC) is one of eight new innovation centres being established with a view to accelerating innovation in a number of key sectors. 
CSIC is supported by Scottish Funding Council, Scottish Enterprise, Highlands and Islands Enterprise and 11 Scottish University partners.
 