All 14 Maxima staff will now transfer over to Professional Data Management Services All 14 Maxima staff will now transfer over to Professional Data Management Services - Daily Record Software engineering firm Professional Data Management Services (PDMS) Ltd has acquired certain business and assets of Maxima Information Group Ltd in a deal worth &pound;752,000.
The acquisition, for Maxima's enterprise resourcing planning, payroll software, and ferry ticketing and reservation software solutions business - Maxima ABS - will see 14 staff will remain at the site Hillington Park, with sales functions to be managed from PDMS' recently opened office in Glasgow's digital media quarter.
Castleton Technology Plc has offloaded Maxima Information Group as part of a wider restructuring for an initial consideration of &pound;300,000 with a further payment of &pound;300,000 due by September 30 and the remaining &pound;152,000 due by March 2015, subject to certain conditions being met.
PDMS said while it and Maxima operate in a diverse set of markets, “they share a specific interest in the maritime technology industry”.
PDMS’ maritime product, MARIS, is used by ship registries around the world to manage business functions.
Maxima have also developed their own software product, Compass, a ticketing solution for ferry companies like CalMac Ferries Ltd, who are also clients of PDMS.
The tie-up will provide ABS Maxima with access to the PDMS Foundations platform to develop its online systems.
Derek Rae, operations director of Maxima ABS said: “We are delighted to be joining the PDMS team.
“Like us, they have been around for a long time and I believe they have the innovation and skills that will be of great benefit to us and our customers.”
Chris Gledhill, managing director of PDMS said: “We are delighted to welcome Maxima’s staff and customers to PDMS.
“This news further demonstrates our commitment, not only to operating out of Scotland, but to providing successful software solutions to new and existing clients in Scotland.”
Maxima Information Group is a subsidiary within the Castleton Technology group of companies.
&nbsp;
 