Akash Marwaha has also been appointed managing director for Hays in Scotland Akash Marwaha has also been appointed managing director for Hays in Scotland - Daily Record Recruitment firm Hays has taken a new 9,200 sq ft office in Glasgow as it looks to increase staff numbers in Glasgow by more than 50 per cent in the next 18-months.
The firm, which currently employs 65 consultants in Glasgow, will move from its current office in Glasgow’s West Regent Street to the Spectrum building in Blythswood Street later this month and plans to add seven new roles in the short-term to meet demand.
In the next 18-months, Hays plans to grow headcount in Glasgow to 100 consultants, which would make it the fourth largest office across the Hays network of 102 offices.
Hays, the UK's largest listed specialist recruitment firm, recently reported annual like-for-like growth of 20 per cent in the 2014 year to June 30 with operating profits of &pound;140.2 million, said its Scottish construction division “has grown by 65 per cent in Glasgow alone over the last quarter”.
The firm has also announced Akash Marwaha, who has been with Hays since 1997, has taken on the role of managing director for Hays in Scotland.
Glasgow-born Marwaha joined Hays as a trainee recruitment consultant in the Construction &amp; Property division, moving up to office manager, regional manager, then director for Hays Construction &amp; Property Scotland, before becoming operations director in 2009.
Marwaha said: “I’ve seen the recruitment industry undergo many upturns and downturns over the years.
“The challenge is to make sure that business strategies are put in place to address these cycles effectively, and to be prepared for the rapidly changing markets.
“All industry sectors are currently showing positive growth in jobs and our own growth is perfectly in line with this – we’ll be increasing our Glasgow headcount significantly to address the demand.”
Marwaha will divide his time between the Hays Scotland offices in Glasgow, Edinburgh, Dundee, Aberdeen and Inverness.
He added: “The Glasgow office has consistently delivered growth even throughout the downturn, and continues to be one of the top performing offices in the UK..
“Most of the growth has come from construction and property, IT and finance, although all sectors are performing well.
“We had already refurbished West Regent Street twice in the last three years to accommodate new consultants, but we’ve outgrown it yet again.”
 