NORMA Ann Photography has captured the big days of football stars – but frantic couples have been left scrambling to find a replacement after the firm announced they were bankrupt. Bride and doom: Couples left in lurch as wedding photography to the stars goes bust - Daily Record SCORES of frantic brides have been left in the lurch after a wedding photographer used by football stars went bust.
And furious couples have claimed that Norma Ann Photography were still taking their cash days before the business collapsed.
One bride wrote online: “Just received a letter from our so-called wedding photographer Norma Ann Photography to say they have gone into liquidation after taking money from us as recent as last week!!!”
Another added: “It’s a nightmare. Poor brides with weddings this weekend.”
Norma Ann photographed former Rangers full-back Alan Hutton ’s wedding to Kylie Mortimer in 2011, as well as the marriages of Charlie Adam to wife Sophie and Steven Davis to Tracey Moore.
Former Celtic star Aiden McGeady also hired them for his wedding photos when he married Claire Healey last year.
 

The firm had been run by Norma Gaughan, 58, and daughter Naomi, 32. But it was director Aria Gaughan, 27, who wrote to customers to tell them they were bankrupt.
She said in her letter: “This is the end of an era for us and we are desperately unhappy that it has come to this. We are so very sorry for the inconvenience and disappointment caused.
“We have not instructed an insolvency solicitor as we have no funds to do this. However, we are happy to work with any insolvency company.”
The collapse left some couples scrambling to find other photographers, while others feared they would never see the pictures of their big day.
 

Ben McCombs, 27, of Milngavie near Glasgow, paid &pound;3000 for seven albums from his wedding in May and is still waiting to receive them.
He said: “We chose Norma Ann because they had a fantastic reputation. They were still doing weddings right up to last week.”
Norma Ann were based in Glasgow’s west end but operated across Scotland. No one from the company responded to the Record’s calls and emails and Aria Gaughan could not be contacted.
 