RORY LAWSON is tipping Glasgow Warriors to overcome their Pro12 Final failure last season and topple champions, Leinster today. Glasgow v Leinster: Former Scotland international Rory Lawson says Final Flop can drive Warriors to title glory - Daily Record RORY LAWSON insists Glasgow Warriors can bounce back from their Pro12 final failure in May by kicking off their campaign with a win over champions Leinster.
The former Scotland scrum-half will continue in his role as a pundit for Sky this season and he provided Record Sport with his assessment on the campaign ahead.
Glasgow have switched from playing their games from Friday nights under the lights at Scotstoun to Saturdays and Lawson believes Gregor Townsend’s side can go the extra step and claim Pro12 silverware.
A defeat to Leinster in the Final earlier this year in Dublin is also a factor which the former Newcastle Falcons player reckons could be priceless as Glasgow learned what’s required to go the distance.
He said: “I spoke to Gregor at the launch of the Guinness Pro12 and asked him what he needed to do in order to win silverware.
“That’s not an easy question to answer but for Gregor it’s about keeping doing what they have been doing.
“Gregor rotated his squad very well last season but ultimately they came up short against Leinster in the Pro12 Final.
“The experience of that final will stand them in good stead in the new campaign.
“Gregor has the depth in his squad to get there and it’s about having his key men fit and fully functioning which could close that small margin this time around.”
Sky Sports will provide match highlights from all 135 games in the tournament on both the Guinness PRO12 and Sky Sports’ digital platforms and Lawson insists Glasgow can broadcast their intentions with a result today.
He said: “A win can give them a mental edge that they can turn these guys over.”
●Sky Sports will offer more live rugby than ever before this season with over 360 games including action from the Guinness PRO12, Top 14, European Rugby Champions Cup and autumn internationals.”
 