GORDON MATHESON says Scotland must not allow the Conservative party be the reason the country votes for the break-up of the Union. Gordon Matheson: Glasgow's economy is at risk in the event of a Yes vote in independence referendum - Gordon Matheson - Daily Record PLEASE excuse the language but I’ll be damned if I’m going to allow a Tory Government to drive us out of the UK, risking the progress we’re making in Glasgow and turning our kith and kin in Liverpool and Newcastle into foreigners.
Let’s do what we always do with Tories – unite and kick them out. Even the Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson has admitted that David Cameron is set to be a one-term Prime Minister.
I’m voting No to breaking up Britain and I’ll be voting for Labour in next May’s general election. That’s because I’m a democratic socialist and not a nationalist.
I strongly believe a No vote is best for jobs and public services in Glasgow and best for Scotland.
In eight months, a Labour government will freeze energy bills, raise the minimum wage, abolish the bedroom tax, introduce fairer taxes, invest in apprenticeships and jobs for young people, and tax bankers’ bonuses.
No wonder Labour’s lead in the UK opinion polls is growing, while the Tories split over Europe and fall out with their coalition Lib Dem partners over the bedroom tax.
And talking of which, why did only two SNP MPs bother to vote last week to abolish the bedroom tax, while every Scottish Labour MP was in Parliament and voted against it? Ask them the next time you see anyone campaigning for Yes.
The SNP self-righteously posture about social justice but they couldn’t even be bothered to go to their work to vote for it. Is it that nationalists, when it comes to it, are more obsessed with breaking up Britain at all costs, rather than tackling social inequality?
Meanwhile, we in Glasgow, like the rest of Scotland, have to decide next week whether or not we want to separate forever from the rest of the UK.
Earlier this week, the Financial Times reported that the &pound;350million plan to transform Buchanan Galleries and the surrounding city-centre streets is under direct threat due to independence.
The project would house 100 shops, 25 restaurants and a multi-screen cinema. Crucially, it will create 1700 jobs. But the backers of the scheme are prepared to scrap it because of all of the economic uncertainty that independence would create.
I’m sad and angry that the SNP believe these jobs and this investment in Glasgow is a price worth paying to indulge their lifelong obsession with breaking up Britain.
I also believe this is merely a glimpse of what’s to come if we vote Yes, by which point it will be too late and there will be no going back. This isn’t scaremongering. It’s harsh economic reality.
We have 28,000 jobs in Glasgow’s growing financial services sector. Many of these jobs and future investment are directly at risk if we pull out of Britain because of the uncertainty over currency and because we would no longer operate within the globally recognised rules and regulations of the city of London and the rest of the UK.
And who honestly believes that the MoD will award contracts to BAE on the Clyde if we pull out of Britain and so become a foreign country?
And remember – these are the jobs and the taxes we all rely on to fund the NHS, pensions, education and all the other public services we need and cherish.
This is all so unnecessary. We can have the best of both worlds. More powers for Scotland without taking on all the risks of independence.
We should say No Thanks to separation on September 18 so that Glasgow can continue to flourish.
 