SCOTTISH Imams have urged young people not to join fundamentalist fighters and have called for release of all hostages. Scotland is backing Muslim community's message to Islamic State says Deputy First Minister - Daily Record SCOTLAND&nbsp;stands &quot;shoulder to shoulder&quot; with the Muslim community in its message to extremists, the Deputy First Minister has said.
Nicola Sturgeon paid a visit to Glasgow Central Mosque following a call from Muslim leaders reiterating their opposition to extremism, urging young people not to join fundamentalist fighters, and calling for the release of all hostages held by the Islamic State (IS).
Imams across&nbsp;Scotland&nbsp;used Friday prayers to reinforce these messages, according to a joint statement from the Muslim Council of&nbsp;Scotland, Islamic Society of Britain and Glasgow Central Mosque.
Earlier this week, the parents of Glasgow woman Aqsa Mahmood who left home last November, said they were horrified to learn that she had joined radicals in Syria and married an IS fighter.
Ms Sturgeon said: &quot;I wholeheartedly support the Imams in what they've said today. We should never be complacent, we need to work for community cohesion all of the time.
&quot;But what I want to say absolutely clearly and unequivocally is that what we're talking about here is a tiny minority and is not in any way representative of the wonderful Muslim community that we have here in&nbsp;Scotland.
&quot;The Muslim community here is not responsible in any way for the actions of individuals and a tiny, tiny minority and it's our job as Government, I think it's our job as a country and a society to stand shoulder to shoulder with our Muslim community and to celebrate the contribution that they make to life here in&nbsp;Scotland, to our economy, to our society, our culture, to every aspect of Scottish life.&quot;
Ms Sturgeon said Scottish independence would bring communities across&nbsp;Scotland&nbsp;together as she met Yes supporters at the Mosque.
She said: &quot;The Asian community I think is very strongly supporting a Yes vote and that's certainly what I've heard here today.
&quot;This is an opportunity, the referendum for all parts of&nbsp;Scotland&nbsp;for all sectors of our community to come together to work together to build a better Scotland.&quot;
She added: &quot;Scotland's success on the world stage is built on innovation and a rich and diverse cultural heritage - that outward-looking and inclusive approach will blossom on the world stage with a Yes vote and independence.
&quot;In&nbsp;Scotland&nbsp;there are families from Pakistan and Poland, India and Ireland, England and Italy, and people from many other parts of the world living, working and making a positive contribution to modern&nbsp;Scotland&nbsp;- this is something worth celebrating.
&quot;A Yes vote is an opportunity to embed equality, tolerance and human rights in our constitution and ensure that we can grow our economy and tackle poverty.&quot;
Tasmina Ahmed-Sheik, a member of Scots Asians for Yes, said: &quot;There is a real sense here that this is a nation that's taken our communities to its heart and people feel like they want to vote positively for&nbsp;Scotland, they want to make the right decision for&nbsp;Scotland&nbsp;and they feel a sense of responsibility. This is our time to make the correct choice for everybody.&quot;
 