LANCE Corporal Dean Cameron,23, had gone to pretty blonde Gemma McConnell’s flat after being told she had been unfaithful to him, a court was told. 'Cheating’ girlfriend injured after leaping from flat window during heated argument with her squaddie boyfriend, a court hears - Daily Record A ‘CHEATING’ girlfriend was injured when she mysteriously leapt from her flat window during a heated argument with her squaddie boyfriend, a court heard.
Lance Corporal Dean Cameron,23, had gone to pretty blonde Gemma McConnell’s flat after being told she had been unfaithful to him, a court was told.
Dumbarton Sheriff Court heard how neighbours heard Cameron shouting and swearing at her and telling her to ‘go on jump’ at around 8.30 pm on Aug 30 this year.
When they looked out of their second floor window neighbours saw mum of one Ms McConnell lying on the ground with Cameron standing over her shouting.
Fiscal depute Isobel Martin told the court that police were called but by the time they arrived Cameron had left the scene. They later located him and he&nbsp; was detained.
Cameron, a serving soldier based in Belfast, had his sentence deferred for six months.

Ms Martin told the court the couple had been in an off/on relationship for three years when the incident happened.
She said: “At 20.30 hours on 31st August witnesses Daly and Robertson were in their home having dinner.
“Both heard a voice shouting and swearing at Gemma, saying, ‘Go on then, jump!’
“When they looked out the window they saw Ms McConnell on the ground and the accused standing next to her shouting.
“Police were called and discovered Ms McConnell had jumped out of her window and had injured her wrist”.
Defence solicitor Roddy Boag said his client had gone to the flat in Beardmore Place, Clydebank, after receiving ‘reliable’ information that Ms McConnell had been ‘unfaithful’ to him.
He said: “As I understand it , he received information about the complainer which he believed was reasonably reliable , that the complainer had been unfaithful to him.
“That‘s what his remarks were about. The reason for his comments were based on a reasonably held belief.”
He added: “The relationship is now over and done with”.
He said his client was in his fifth year of a twenty two year army career. He said he had seen service in various theatres of war including Afghanistan and that he was now stationed in Belfast.
Cameron ,whose address was given as Gorget Av, Knightswood, Glasgow, admitted behaving in a threatening and abusive manner and shouting and uttering offensive remarks.
He was previously charged with assaulting Ms McConnell but his not guilty plea was accepted by the Crown.
Sheriff Brian Cameron deferred sentence for six months for Cameron to be of good behaviour.
Yesterday neighbours who witnessed the drama outside Ms McConnell’s first floor flat said she had gone to stay with her mother for a few days.
Cameron’s mother Liz refused to comment on what made Ms McConnell jump from her flat window.
Ms McConnell, who works at a hair and beauty salon, refused to comment.
 