A RECENT report from the charity detailed how a family of four had to share a one-bedroom property for nine months, and that people had to live with strangers in shared accommodation without lockable doors. Scottish Refugee Council say Scottish people would be "outraged" if they lived in same conditions as asylum-seekers - Daily Record A HUMAN rights campaigner has said Glaswegians would be outraged if they lived in the same conditions as asylum seekers.
Scottish Refugee Council policy officer Graham O’Neill spoke out after a damning report by the charity detailed slum conditions asylum seekers are left in.
Despite Government obligations to provide fully equipped and furnished accommodation, people have been left without bedding for weeks and mothers were not given baby equipment, the report said.
The report also highlighted how a family of four had to share a one-bedroom property for nine months, while people were forced to live with strangers in shared accommodation without lockable doors.
But the firm contracted for the housing by the Home Office refuted the entire report and said they had not been given any specific allegations.
&nbsp;Mr O’Neill said: “Most people in Britain would be outraged at being told they must live with people they do not know.
“How would you feel if you, your children, or parents had no choice but to share your kitchen, toilet, and living room with complete strangers?
“This is what is happening to some people in Glasgow today who are simply seeking asylum and safety from persecution back home.
“These are women, men, and children just like Glaswegians and they have the same need for privacy; just imagine if you had been tortured, managed to flee your abusers, and then not even having a lock on your door to make you feel safe.”
Glasgow is the UK’s largest dispersal area for refugees outside of London, taking roughly 10 per cent of asylum seekers who come to the UK.
It is estimated roughly 2000 asylum seekers in Glasgow are being housed in a mix of private or social housing.
The Home Office has a statutory duty to provide destitute asylum seekers with accommodation under the Immigration and Asylum Act 1999.
For the last two years housing provision in Scotland has been contracted out to Serco by the Home Office, with the outsourcing firm in turn sub-contracting the work to property management company Orchard &amp; Shipman.
Previously accommodation was provided by Glasgow City Council through the private Angel Group and charity Ypeople.
Mr O’Neill said: “Our report shows that the services offered by Orchard and Shipman have often been poor – not just the actual housing that people are being put into, but also the fact that when people have raised concerns they have been ignored or on occasion even faced abuse.
“This is unacceptable.
 

“Glasgow City Council and YPeople had a better, more specialised understanding of the challenges that people seeking asylum are facing.
“Often we aren’t aware of the horrendous situations asylum seekers have fled from: being tortured, seeing their mothers raped, or friends or families killed.
“The men, women, and children seeking asylum are simply trying to escape from this - who wouldn’t? - so they need compassion and kindness, which many Glaswegians have shown for years, and they also need the kind of decent housing and services that we are all entitled to in this city.
“We should not make them suffer any more than they have already.&nbsp;
Orchard &amp; Shipman passed questions about the report to Serco. A Serco spokesman said: “We completely disagree with the statements made in the SRC document and believe the standard of accommodation for asylum seekers in Scotland meets the requirements of the Compass contract.
“All complaints and repairs are responded to and addressed.
“The Orchard &amp; Shipman housing team carry out visits to every property a minimum of once a month to inspect for any repairs and to ensure the welfare of the service users.
“We have asked the SRC to provide the specific allegations however we have not as yet received anything.
“Should we receive any allegations they will be thoroughly investigated.”
Following the publication of the report the Home Office said they monitor accommodation quality.
 