You’ll love this luxury prize with meal at The Sisters Restaurant, Glasgow and luxury picnic hamper courtesy of Scotty Brand. Win a box full of scrumptious Scotty Brand foods, meal for 2 and a luxury picnic hamper courtesy of Scotty Brand - Daily Record We have teamed up with Scotty Brand, the provider of premium seasonal Scottish produce and Celebrity Scottish chef Jacqueline O’Donnell to offer one lucky reader a gastronomic prize – a &pound;100 voucher for the Sisters Restaurant in Glasgow, a luxury designer picnic hamper and a jammed packed box full of fabulous seasonal Scotty Brand products.
Scotty Brand products include potatoes, carrots, prepared vegetables, tomatoes and strawberries (according to the season, naturally) as well as fresh soups and premium bacon.
With a reputation for delivering Scottish food that is low in food miles, high on taste and good value, Scotty Brand has created a series of short videos inviting viewers to have a closer look at where its products come from. Glasgow chef Jacqueline O’Donnell then takes these raw ingredients into the kitchen where she cooks up a variety of tasty dishes, illustrating the direct route from farm to fork.
To see more Scotty Brand videos and recipe ideas please visit www.Scottybrand.com
HOW TO ENTER
For your chance to win all you have to do is watch the following Scotty brand video and answer the following question

  &nbsp;
Terms &amp; Conditions
1)&nbsp;Competition closes at noon&nbsp;on Monday October 6, 2014.&nbsp;
2) Entry is open to&nbsp;UK residents only aged 18/over. Employees of Trinity Mirror plc, their immediate families, agents or anyone professionally connected with this competition are excluded from entering.
3)&nbsp;All entries must be made directly by completing the competition registration page on www.dailyrecord.co.uk
4)&nbsp;Entry into this competition is deemed acceptance of these Terms and Conditions
5) Entries made using methods generated by a script, macro or the use of automated devises or bulk entries will be void. No responsibility is accepted for entries which are invalid, incomplete, illegible, lost or delayed in transit, or which fail to be properly submitted. Proof of sending does not constitute proof of receipt.&nbsp;
6) Prize: Luxury picnic hamper, voucher for meal for two people at The Sisters, plus a separate&nbsp;Scotty&nbsp;Brand&nbsp;Box of food. Box of&nbsp;Scotty&nbsp;Brand&nbsp;food will consist of seasonal Scottish&nbsp;Scotty&nbsp;Brand&nbsp;produce only and there will be a minimum of 5 items. Items cannot be exchanged or returned to any&nbsp;Scotty&nbsp;Brand&nbsp;supplier. Meal Voucher is valid until 30 April 2015. Voucher can be used Sunday – Thursday inclusive and is redeemable at either The Sisters, Kelvingrove or The Sisters, Jordanhill. Booking must be made in advance. Subject to availability
Delivered within 28 days of competition closing date.
7) Prize not transferable, non refundable, no whole/part cash alternatives
8) Std Trinity Mirror plc rules apply
 