It's all been leading up to today. The polls are open and the future of your nation rests in your hands. Vote wisely Scotland. Independence referendum LIVE: Voting day latest news - Daily Record  
Today we decide the fate of a nation. Today we exercise our democratic right to choose the path our country will take. The polling booths are open and within the next 24 hours we will learn what vision of Scotland the nation chose to move forward with. Today, the Daily Record is proud to start over 24 hours of live blogging throughout the voting, into the night compiling the results and out the other side into a new era for Scots.
 
In the case of a 'yes' vote, Dr Leah Clinics will be offering 50% off the removal of any #UnionJack tattoos made obsolete by #indyref

 
Should it be a 'no', we've seen a few 'Yes Scotland' tattoos, which we'll offer to remove for 50% off at Dr Leah clinic #indyref #Scotland

Apprentice winner Leah Totton (aka Dr Leah) is flexing her right to impartiality by offering 50 per cent off tattoo removals in the event of each outcome.
I have to say, that's the most democratic indyref tweet I've seen since Simon Pegg said over-eagre Yes supporters have already uncoupled Scotland from the North of England.
Out Sports Hotline has taken a bit of a back seat over the last few days. In its place, the Indy Hotline has risen as a way for you to get all your independence gripes off your chest. Let's take a look at what you had to say to us on the phone:
Janice Grant, from Limerigg, Stirlingshire, starts us off in good old Braveheart style.
She said: “The world over, Scotland has been known as Scotland the Brave.
“We have a reputation of fighting for the downtrodden and poor and hold their right to freedom.
“If we vote No again we will become a country of cowards and hypocrites.
“If we vote No we will never become a nation and our last chance of freedom from Tory governments and Westminster will be given away.
It’s fair to say that Eamonn Hood, from Kilbirnie, Ayrshire, couldn’t disagree more. He told us: “Independence is the worst idea and worst cause anyone has ever followed.
“The SNP and&nbsp;Alex Salmond&nbsp;are the worst thing to hit Scotland since the Highland Clearances.
“I see a Yes vote as us going into a dark tunnel to a dark future.
“I am very troubled by the prospect and would consider leaving Scotland if it happens.
“I pray to God that it’s a No vote. I believe in social equality which we can get in the UK.”
Brown’s emergence as a central figure in the No campaign also attracted contrasting views.
READ THE WHOLE STORY HERE.

After years of leading the Better Together campaign through good and bad times, the one with the eyebrows has cast his vote and is confident that the nation will vote to remain part of the United Kingdom tonight.

&nbsp;
- Alistair darling on the culture of intimidation
 

I just spoke to Ishbel Smith who's got all those eagre 8-year-old voters around to hold their own mini referendum.
Remarkably, the idea to hold it was all theirs!
The twenty pupils of Dean Park primary school in Balerno are all about to cast their votes.
Ishbel, acting as Electoral official, said: &quot;The box will be opened at 3pm and we'll be expecting a result at 3.15pm.&quot;
She added: &quot;It’s really important the kids get to do this. 
&quot;They’ll be able to tell their grandchildren about it and this fun is how they’ll remember this day.&quot;
Follow Ishbel on Twitter to find out the result.
I thought we'd just check in with our 8-year-olds who are preparing to cast their own votes in a junior referendum. 
The polling station is about to open. Exciting times!
We'll keep you updated!!
 

BREAKING: Police have confirmed that a 44-year-old man has been arrested over an alleged assault that occurred outside a polling station in Clydebank today.
Tempers are flaring, but let's remember that violence and intimidation are the actions of a tiny minority. 
 

After officials arrived at&nbsp; Lennox Hall to a scene of disgraceful graffiti and intimidation, it didn't take long for people to pitch in and give the scene a fresh coat of paint.
 

I don't know about you, but I prefer the cream. Well done! Let's keep the heid, remember?

Couldn't find a pic of this #indyref occurrence in Glasgow so here's a pic of some Cats with lightsabres pic.twitter.com/SXD9CNTk0h


A special mention to the countless millions on social media who don't live in Scotland, but recognised the magnitude of the situation.
What Scotland decides today will be felt in ripples around the world.
No matter how small, insignificant or feline-avec-lightsabres your thoughts are, thank you.
It's the thought that counts. Unless you live in Scotland.. in which case it's your vote that counts.
 

Kids do the darnedest things..
Determined not to be left out of the referendum excitement, some clever 8-year olds set up a polling station for their friends.
I think you'll agree, the attention to detail is fantastic.
 

Outside the room door, they've printed out signs saying &quot;Polling Booth&quot; and a &quot;Closed&quot; sign for when the action is all done.. we assume that'll be before 10pm because that would be way past their bedtime! 
 

Inside the polling station a table has been set up with voting cards, complete with a home made ballot box cut from a teabag box and cello taped over and over again to maintain voter anonymity.. of course.
 

For privacy, you can disappear behind the empty wardrobe and assuming you don't wake up in Narnia, you can cast your vote without anyone peeking at your vote.
It's official. Imagination &gt; iPad. Every time.
Unfortunately it's not all good news across the country. Some have been met with vandalism and intimidation.

Shocking behaviour from yes campaigners. Should not be trying to threaten and intimidate #voteno #indyref pic.twitter.com/L7zhP5rDFc


This is NOT the kind of message the Yes campaign want to be sending out. 
There are extreme campaigners from both sides - both Yes and No - but none of them should be allowed to employ such aggressive tactics to deter opposing votes. 
It's pathetic.
Add these pictures to the rest of the evidence stacking up against the minority of trouble makers. Either the peaceful Yes or No voters will be the ones that will win the vote.
The comics of Twitter have already begun cracking jokes.. 
 
Apparently a number of impatient 'Yes' campaigners have unbuckled Scotland and are currently towing it into the North Sea. #IndyRef


Great to have @Andy_Murray and @Jamie_Murray provide a polling day boost to the Yes campaign. #indyref #VoteYes pic.twitter.com/UfUPXcwFyU


YES Scotland's official Twitter timeline features a rather nice family picture of the Super Murray Bros.
 

When Scotland's 2,608 polling places close at 10pm tonight, the sealed boxes containing the ballot papers will be collected and transported to each local authority's designated count venue - in most cases a school, sports centre or town hall.
The number of ballot papers in each box will be counted by a 5,767-strong counting team and the total will be reported to the chief counting officer (CCO) who will authorise the local counting officer to announce the turnout.
The papers will be sorted into Yes, No and those deemed &quot;doubtful&quot;. These will need to be judged and possibly rejected as spoiled.
After reporting to the CCO, each local authority will announce its result, with the first declaration expected at around 1.30am and the last at around 6am.
Chief Counting Officer Mary Pitcaithly will announce the will of the nation at the Royal Highland Centre outside Edinburgh tomorrow morning.
We're hearing that traffic has come to a standstill in Maryhill. Locals are going nuts with Saltire flags and running around, but drivers are getting involved too?
Sounds like some of the Yes supporters have kickstarted the party a little early. 
Well.. Maryhill loves to party. Why not?
 

In Donetsk, eastern Ukraine, 
All the way over in Donetsk, eastern Ukraine, a demonstration is taking place in support of Scottish independence.
&quot;I support the Scots. Their referendum is going peacefully, without war. I'm very jealous, and I wish them all the best,&quot; Natalia Isaeva told the Russian TV station LifeNews.
That’s nice, but why does it matter? Well actually, it matters quite a bit. 
 

Scottish independence will raise more than a few questions in Moscow over the future of Britain’s nuclear arms, not to mention the Kremlin looking for an out to legitimise the annexation of Crimea and separatist areas like Donetsk in Eastern Ukraine.
That’s why you’ll see Saltires at demos in Sevastopol and political figures refer make reference to the Scottish People’s Republic
(Source: Telegraph)
 

A mural appeared on a London street last night, depicting Alex Salmond as William Wallace in Braveheart. Only instead of issuing a rally cry of &quot;FREEDOM!!&quot; he's pouting with a distinctively more camp, &quot;Och aye the No&quot;.
Now to spend the next 6 hours trying to work out what's the bigger stereotype.
On that note, disappointment rang out on Twitter and Facebook that not one of the Freeview channels decided to show Braveheart last night. 
If ever there was a chance to pull in a few million views, that was it.
 

Have you seen the 'I'm a voter button' appear on Facebook last night?
After seeing relationships take on a new dimension, publicising them as &quot;Facebook official&quot; or not (e.g. your relationship isn't &quot;Facebook official&quot; until you change your relationship status) I wonder if anyone out there is asking their friends if their vote is 'Facebook official' yet?
Click the button, or don't. You can still vote, and that's the one that matters.

Lots of creativity in today's England, Scotland front pages: http://t.co/xH4zDeCK4T #indyref * ht @nicksutton pic.twitter.com/eZWV1nyWCD


..slap bang right in the middle of it all.
 

Speaking after he voted this morning, leader of the Better Together campaign Alistair Darling said he was feeling &quot;very confident&quot;.
Greeted by a mixture of cheers and boos as he arrived at the Church Hill Theatre in Edinburgh to cast his vote, he said: 
That confidence may have increased again, with news that the No camp had a 6-point lead in the final polls.

 