THIRD sector organisations say the power to transform communities lies with every Scot today through the power of volunteering. Scottish Independence Referendum: Charity bosses hope for "referendum legacy" of civil engagement to transform Glasgow regardless of Yes or No result - Daily Record CHARITY bosses say they want a “referendum legacy” to transform Glasgow in the wake of tomorrow’s vote.
Third sector organisations and public bodies say no matter the outcome of the ballot, the power to change our country for the better lies with every citizen today.
With 97 per cent of the adult population registered to vote – the largest electorate Scotland has ever known – and both campaigns having enjoyed public participation far beyond that of a normal election, it is hoped this engagement can be turned in to a force for civic good.
From fostering or working with the Children’s Panel to helping out at a hospice or community group, volunteer chiefs say Glasgow is looking for people ready to help now, regardless of whether the country is independent or not.
In the same way that his organisation is dealing with helpers from Glasgow 2014, Volunteer Glasgow chairman Bob Bogle said he wants to be inundated with new recruits galvanised by the referendum.
Bob, whose group links volunteers with charities in the city, said: “This has been a momentous year for Scotland.
“We’ve had a Commonwealth Games, we’ve got a Ryder Cup and we have a huge event this week.
“But regardless of people’s allegiances, we’ve seen real civic engagement, people being involved in their community in a way they haven’t before.
“We’ve seen activists from both sides on the streets, volunteering to make a difference.
“The challenge for people like me is it’s about capturing that energy and people’s will to go out and make a difference to Glasgow.” It’s estimated Glasgow has 60,000 formal volunteers, though countless more do not identify themselves as such.
With 486,219 people registered to vote in Glasgow alone, Children’s Hearing Scotland national convenor and chief executive Boyd McAdam says if just a fraction of those volunteered to sit on the Children’s Panel, it would help ensure the numbers they need for the thousands of hearings every year in the city.
He said: “Each year we look to recruit new members and each year we are encouraged and impressed by the commitment the public are willing to make both to training and to sit on hearings once or twice a month.”
He said his organisation – who are looking for 50 new panel members in Glasgow, in particular younger people and men – were looking at ways to engage with communities and welcomed the chance the referendum offers to do so.
However, several charities and bodies who were approached by Glasgow Now for comment said they feared commenting on the referendum in any capacity.
People wanting to volunteer for the Children’s Panel should visit www. childrenspanelscotland.org. 
For information about the Children’s Panel, the Children’s Hearings System, and Children’s Hearings Scotland, visit www.chscotland.gov.uk. 
Call Volunteer Glasgow on 0141 226 3431.
 