THE veteran TV football commentator says change can be brought without erecting needless borders and, by instead respecting the aspirations which emerge from different environments and mutual understandings. Independence referendum: Don't let Salmond's loudmouths bully their way to a Yes vote, says Archie Macpherson - Daily Record AS a veteran of countless Old Firm games I am not unacquainted with abuse .
Indeed, until recently I thought I had developed an immunity from anything thrown at me. Then something penetrated the armour.
It was in Shettleston Road last week beside the tenement close of my birth.
We were doing a group walkabout for the No campaign with cameras, to illustrate my association with the east end of Glasgow.
Suddenly a head popped out from a window above us, clocked our identity then roared at me, ‘F*** off, you English *****.’
Off the top of the head I couldn’t think of a genial reply as the ‘English’ bit kind of threw me.
Seen too often sitting in a studio with the likes of Jeremy Paxman and Frank Bough and David Coleman?
No. This was simply fever, red-necked, red-faced raw hatred that has been induced by those in the Yes camp who are ceaselly affronted by contradictions to their own views.

Is there any real difference between that gut response from a tenement window and of the more sophisticated response to the views of Lady Louise Richardson the Principal of St Andrews university.
She was confronted by the Salmond administration and by an adviser who wanted to put words in her mouth in token acceptance of Scottish Government policy on research council funding for universities.
There is no difference. One might be loud and abusive, the other quietly sinister in its implications but they marry at the point of refusal to accept there is another view of the world.
Indeed what we are seeing calamitously is the birth of a new breed we might call Little Scotlanders.
They relish borders, truncate identity, and stamp on the phrase that Scots gave real meaning to, ‘We’re a’ Jock Tamson’s bairns.’

The crudity of their responses in the streets to the walkabouts which are becoming more scary for the No campaign than were they to try it in downtown Baghdad is symptomatic of the Yes squad’s simple lust for power, of being told the promised land is now within their grasp although they dare not tell us the real consequences of such a prospect.
There is another world for all of us, that does not erect needless borders but respects the aspirations which emerge from different environments and the mutual understandings which can still be reached to work towards eliminating some of the worst social problems in any part of the UK.
People on the left who think they can turn their backs on the unity which gave us so much benefit through the decades just because everything has not worked out to their satisfaction through Westminster are missing a vital point.
Social change is an on-going process. Affairs are not set in stone because there is a Tory/Coalition goverment.
I cannot desert those in the south who could be thrown to the mercy of right-wing Little Englanders as a result of independence.
Such withdrawal into parochialism offends every value I was brought up with.
We are being asked to contemplate a plunge into the unkown with scant explanation of the consequences.
That vacuum is being masked by emotional appeals to nationhood, the obverse side of which is the abuse which so many are now receiving and which makes the display of a No sign seem like the act of a masochism.
No doubt that view will hardly sit well with those placard-waving people trying to bully the BBC into doing,....... well what exactly?
Their incoherence ought to be matched by the calm response of the Corporation to carry on the John Reith tradition established when he stood up to Churchill in 1922 during the General Strike and refused to let his beloved BBC be a mouthpiece for the government.
In the hours that are left it is difficult to see how the toxic nature of the campaign can be buried like nuclear waste for all time.
When Jim Sillars spoke movingly at the funeral of his greatly respected wife Margo Macdonald he uttered her wish that by midnight of the 18th we can forget the tussle and live with one another in respect.
Then Jim not that long ago ups and warns the banks that there would be a reckoning on them for their attitude to independence.
Doesn’t sound promsing, does it Jim?
However, he and I will and others will somehow have to call on that universal trait of common-sense to realise that one way or other it will be over.
It won’t be easy. But otherwise Scotland will be a spiritual desert, in or out of the Union.
 