Evelyn McCulloch (54), and Alex Airlie (51), will enter into a union of marriage at Glasgow City Chambers – but first they will head to their local polling station to make their votes count. Indy ref Wedding: Yes activists are getting married today in special Yes t-shirts before heading out to campaign - Daily Record A couple who are independence activists will today (Thursday) cast their Yes vote before heading off to say “Aye do” when they tie-the-knot.
Evelyn McCulloch (54), and Alex Airlie (51), will enter into a union of marriage at Glasgow City Chambers – but first they will head to their local polling station to make their votes count.
The couple are keen to start married life in an independent Scotland and hope that the outcome of today’s vote reflects that.
The passionate Yes campaigners, who have been engaged for two years, couldn’t think of a better date than September 18 to get married on.
But the couple will not celebrate their wedding day in traditional fashion once they have exchanged their wedding vows, as they will be straight back to the polling station to campaign for Scotland’s independence.
Evelyn explained: “We both plan to go and vote at 7am in the morning then head off to get married.
“We had been trying to fix a date for a while but then it just dawned on us – why not make it September 18?
“It’s such an important date in Scotland’s history where the sovereign power will lie in the hands of the Scottish people.”
Evelyn and her partner Alex, who is a self-employed landscape gardener, will get married wearing jeans and specially-made Yes t-shirts.
But, in keeping with tradition, Evelyn has sorted her something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue.
She explained: “For something old, I have managed to get a list of the last 30 people married on April 30, 1707, before Scotland entered the Union.
“I will place this inside my something new and blue, the Wee Blue Book.
“And lastly my something borrowed, which is a Yes pen from the Hamilton Yes hub shop.”
Evelyn and Alex will also use the pen to sign the wedding register.
The Cleland couple are not planning on rushing off on honeymoon.
Instead, they will celebrate their special day on Friday in Glasgow’s George Square at a party organised to celebrate the outcome.
The party is said to be for all Yes and No campaigners.
Evelyn said: “We will be at the party on Friday, even if the vote does not go our way.
“We believe there has already been a victory as the people of Scotland will have their say on the future of Scotland.”
 