IN his final Glasgow Now column before tomorrow's historic vote, GORDON MATHESON says a No vote and a vote for Labour is the only path to a more equal Scotland. Gordon Matheson: Vote No in Independence Referendum for social justice and Glasgow's future - Gordon Matheson - Daily Record I AM an immensely proud Glaswegian and a patriotic Scot. When I cast my vote on Thursday, I will be saying No Thanks to independence.
Glasgow is a city like no other and I want to see us prosper. I certainly don’t want our progress to be jeopardised by the uncertainty of independence. We have come too far in recent years and we can’t afford to go backwards. And make no mistake that is what we will do.
In less than a year we will have a Labour government in Westminster. A Labour government who will freeze energy bills, saving households on average &pound;120 per year. A Labour government who will abolish the bedroom tax across the whole of the UK.
We will restore the 50p tax rate for the wealthiest in society, while introducing a 10p rate for low earners. And we will ensure that those employed on public sector contracts are guaranteed the Living Wage in Scotland. That is a progressive vision for Scotland.
In contrast, the SNP have vowed to cut corporation tax – a move that will only benefit big business.
This is the same SNP government who failed to back Labour’s Living Wage proposals for public sector contracts last year. And let’s not forget that only two of their MPs voted to abolish the bedroom tax just a few&nbsp; weeks ago.
The SNP self-righteously posture about social justice but they couldn’t even be bothered to go to their work to vote for it.
Is it that nationalists, when it comes to it, are more obsessed with breaking up Britain at all costs, rather than tackling social inequality?
In Scotland, we currently have control over issues such as education and the NHS. But we know that a strong Scottish Parliament can and should have more powers. That is why former prime minister Gordon Brown last week set out a timetable to deliver just that.
New powers over the economy, taxation, welfare, job creation and transport. New powers that will help create a fairer Scotland while still allowing us to benefit from the security and solidarity of being part of a bigger family of nations across the UK.
Our city’s progress in recent years has been hard won. And while we have set out a progressive vision for the future that will benefit Glasgow families, the alternative being offered by those in favour of independence poses nothing but a series of unnecessary risks.
The risks to Glasgow are becoming increasingly clear with each passing day. The &pound;350million extension of Buchanan Galleries and the 1700 jobs it would create are under threat.
Then there are the thousands of skilled shipbuilding jobs on the Clyde that are reliant on MoD orders.
And last week one of Glasgow’s oldest and most prominent businesses – the Clydesdale Bank – announced they were preparing to relocate their headquarters to England in the event of a Yes vote. This situation has only come about because a post-Yes Scotland will not be able to guarantee the security of Scottish banks.
The choice facing Glaswegians couldn’t be starker. I’m voting No to breaking up Britain, and I’ll be voting for Labour in next May’s general election.
That’s because I’m a democratic socialist and not a nationalist. A No vote is best for Glasgow and best for Scotland.
 