WITH the future of the United Kingdom in the hands of 4.2million Scots, the No campaign goes into polling day with a wafer-thin lead over the Yes. Independence referendum: Gordon Brown leads passionate pleas to save Union before crucial vote - Daily Record 
GORDON Brown led the passionate pleas to stop three hundred years of history crashing to a disastrous close as Scotland prepared for its crucial independence vote.
With the future of the United Kingdom in the hands of 4.2million Scots, the No campaign goes into polling day with a wafer-thin lead over the Yes.
Mr Brown warned jobs would be lost along with combined economic, health and welfare state support if &shy;Edinburgh breaks away.
His speech of a lifetime was the highlight of a frenetic day of battling for votes that also saw:
In a rousing Glasgow address, former PM Mr Brown laid into SNP leader Mr Salmond for trying to wrap the nationalist campaign in the Saltire.
He said: “Scotland does not belong to the SNP. Scotland does not belong to the Yes campaign.
&quot;Scotland does not belong to any politician. Scotland belongs to all of us.
 

“What we have built together by sacrificing and sharing, let no narrow nationalism split asunder.
“We are up against a nationalism that has only one aim in mind… to break every single link with our neighbours and friends in the United Kingdom. We will not have this.”
And Mr Brown warned &shy;Scotland faced being plunged into economic decline if it splits from the union.
He pleaded with the 10,000 to 50,000 voters yet to make up their mind to say No to keep our historic partnership alive.
Mr Brown added: “Tell the undecided, the &shy;persuadable and those who were going to vote yes of the risks.
&quot;Tell them of the seven deadly risks pushing us through an economic trapdoor from which there is no escape.
&quot;A yes vote runs the risks of a disputed currency, debt default, having to immediately raise tens of billions of pounds for currency reserves, higher prices in the shops, higher &shy;mortgage rates, making one million jobs in sectors from defence to finance &shy;vulnerable and a fiscal black hole.

“Before, it was the risk of the unknown. Now, it’s the risk arising from the reality of the known.
&quot;But the greatest risk to our health and public services is the one posed by independence.
&quot;The biggest threat to the NHS is not the Union. With their secret plan for half a billion pounds of cuts, it is the SNP.
&quot;They are not saving the NHS but using the NHS to save the SNP.
“Let us tell people of what we have done together. Tell them that we fought and won a war against fascism together.
&quot;Tell them there is no war &shy;cemetery in Europe where Scots, English, Welsh and Northern Irish troops do not lay side by side.
&quot;We fought together, suffered together, sacrificed together, mourned together and then celebrated together.
&quot;And tell them that we not only won a war together, we built a peace together, we created the NHS together, built a welfare state together.
“We did all this without sacrificing our identity, our culture, our tradition as Scots.
%

&quot;Our Scottishness is not weaker, but stronger as a result.”
Mr Brown’s stirring intervention could be the defining moment of a campaign that has hung on a knife-edge recently.
The No campaign hope it will be enough to haul undecided voters – many who have felt too &shy;intimidated by separatists to declare their &shy;allegiance – on board.
Jittery Mr Cameron was praying for the same outcome, so he could avoid being the British Prime Minister who allowed to UK to crumble on his watch.
He said: “Of course everyone who cares about our United Kingdom, and I care passionately about our United Kingdom, is nervous.”
The PM, who stayed away from &shy;Scotland, spoke as Parliament started planning for an emergency recall on Saturday to debate a fractured UK.
Barack Obama tweeted his support for the No campaign.
The US president wrote: “The UK is an extraordinary partner for America and a force for good in an unstable world.
 

&quot;I hope it remains strong, robust and united.”
Better Together campaign chief Alistair Darling delivered his own impassioned plea for unity.
He told a Glasgow rally: “A vote to say No is a vote to keep the currency, a vote to say No is to safeguard the payment of pensions, a vote to say No is to &shy;guarantee the funding and the strength of our National Health Service.”
Comedian Eddie Izzard, a Labour Party activist, told the crowd the rest of the UK “desperately wants you to stay”.
He drew huge cheers as he read out a tweet from Edinburgh-based Harry Potter author JK Rowling.
She wrote: “My head says No and my heart shouts No.”
The rally heard powerful addresses from members of the public who fear for their future in an independent Scotland.
One trainee surgeon attacked “the lies about the NHS told by the SNP.”

A shipbuilder from the Clyde called for unity, and said compatriots across the border in Barrow, Cumbria, are “comrades, not competitors”.
Leaders of the Scottish Labour, Conservative and Liberal Democrat parties also stood shoulder to shoulder on the podium in a show of unity.
Tory leader Ruth Davidson said: “We have put our differences aside to stand for Scotland.”
In Perth, Mr Salmond gave his final speech of the campaign to supporters where he declared the moment “the opportunity of a lifetime” for &shy;Scotland.
He added: “This is a precious chance to leave our mark in the pages of history.
“We meet tonight on the eve of the most exciting day in Scottish democracy. A day which Scotland will never forget.”
He spoke as five former EU &shy;commissioners, including Lord Leon Brittan and Lord Neil Kinnock, warned there was “no guarantee” an independent Scotland could be part of the EU.

 

 