SILVER medallist, who finished second to fellow Scot Ross Murdoch in Glasgow, aims to prove his class when Olympics come round again. Michael Jamieson says he can make a splash at Rio Olympics despite heartache at Commonwealth Games - Daily Record MICHAEL JAMIESON insists his Commonwealth Games heartache won’t stop him going for gold at the Rio Olympics in 2016.
The 26-year-old was targeting a world record and gold medal in his home pool of Tollcross this summer, only to finish second to fellow Scot Ross Murdoch in the 200metres breaststroke.
It was a massive blow for the Olympic silver medallist as he had been dreaming of Glasgow 2014 glory in his hometown.
But Jamieson is now ready to push on with his career and wants to prove his class when the Olympics come around again.
He said: “It’s natural to be disappointed after a result like that. In sport it’s just about trying again. There’s no other option, so that’s what I will try to do.
“It would be foolish not to (aim for Rio). Despite how disappointed I was, I’m still ranked No.3 in the world. It would be ridiculous to consider walking away from the sport in that position.”
Jamieson, who was the poster boy for Team Scotland in the build-up to the Games, also hit back at claims he heaped too much pressure on himself by outlining his targets.
He said: “I was being honest. I only spoke about what my targets were. I didn’t say, ‘This is what I’m going to do.’ I just said, ‘This is what I’m hoping for.’
“I’d hope that is noted because I’m not the kind of athlete who says, ‘I’m going to win this.’
“The time I aimed for in my head was realistic, based on my previous personal best.
“I just wanted to improve and I wasn’t able to do it.”
While all the pressure was on Jamieson heading into the final, youngster Murdoch was able to shine away from the spotlight.
The 20-year-old produced the swim of his life to claim gold and followed it up with a bronze in the 100m breaststroke.
Jamieson claims Murdoch’s performance was “life-changing” and admits the better man won on the day.
 

He said: “Ross deserved to win. He swam really well and posted a world class time.
“The event itself was a real success. It was great for the city and for Scotland. I just didn’t swim the way I wanted to.”
Instead of getting back in the pool and racing at the Euro Championships in Berlin, an event which took place just a few weeks after Glasgow 2014, Jamieson went on holiday.
That allowed him to come to terms with the pain of missing out on gold and he is now planning for next term. His next big goal is the World Championships in Russia and Jamieson hopes to be back to his best by the time action begins in Kazan next July.
He said: “I’ve been using my time away from the pool to take my head away from the sport a little bit and just try to prepare for the next season.”
Jamieson is an ambassador for the British Gas SwimBritain events and was thrilled to meet some budding pool stars in Bristol. He said: “There are so many young kids here so excited about swimming and it’s nice to be a part of that.”
The Scot is based in Bath and has no vote in today’s referendum. He is uncertain what his vote would be – but insists he is proud to compete under the Saltire and Union Flag.
He said: “It’s a privilege to represent both.”
Jamieson was speaking at British Gas SwimBritain in Bristol and will be at the Glasgow event on September 28. Go to www.swimbritain.co.uk to sign up.
 