WE invited Glasgow musicians The String Cairn Quartet to play the comedy's original theme tune in a mock-up version of Boab's legendary boozer at the SSE Hydro. Video: Daily Record bring up Still Game arena curtain with special recording of show theme tune in The Clansman pub - Daily Record  THERE’S just one day to go before the return of Still Game – something all of Scotland voted Yes to. 
 The classic comedy makes its long-awaited return tomorrow night with the first of 21 live shows at the SSE Hydro . 
And the Daily Record have brought the curtain up on the performance before everyone else – by recording a special version of the theme tune in The Clansman pub.
We invited Glasgow musicians The String Cairn Quartet to play the show’s original theme tune in Boab’s legendary boozer – which you can see live today on the Daily Record website.

 The reconstruction is just one of a number of brilliant landmark mock-ups in the public areas of the vast arena , which has been transformed into the fictional Glasgow suburb of Craiglang ahead of opening night. 
The venue sponsors’ executive lounge has been transformed into The Clansman, while the open-access SSE Reward desk is now Navid’s shop and the SSE private box is Jack’s Osprey Heights living room.
The areas are incentives for ticket holders and SSE customers, who have the chance to get their tickets upgraded for access to The Clansman by visiting ssereward.com.
 

The Glasgow musicians were so impressed by the Craiglang recreation that they staged an impromptu busking session, playing reworkings of classic Scottish tunes on the set of the classic comedy – which you can see exclusively on the Daily Record website tomorrow.

Viola player Annemarie McGaghon said: “We thought it would be fun to learn the theme tune to Still Game after we met Greg Hemphill on a flight last year and got to know him. We’re all big Still Game fans and love how they’ve recreated it.”
Watch the Cairn String Quartet perform the Still Game theme tune on dailyrecord.co.uk.

 