IN his last Glasgow Now column before tomorrow's historic ballot, HUMZA YOUSAF says a Yes vote is a vote for Scottish prosperity. Humza Yousaf: Independence referendum isn't about flags or anthems, it's about Scotland's interests - Humza Yousaf - Daily Record GLASGOW city centre is always busy on a Saturday but this past Saturday, the city was well and truly alive.
Buchanan Street was filled with Yes placards and celebration as thousands took to the streets to say “Yes We Can” to independence, self-government and Scotland’s future in Scotland’s hands.
As the campaign has developed, it has become clear that independence isn’t about flags or anthems, or about Alex Salmond and the SNP.
It’s a wide, inclusive movement with Scotland’s best interests at heart.
Independence is the one opportunity we have to put Scotland’s future in Scotland’s hands.
We live in the 14th richest country in the world but for too many people it just doesn’t feel that way.
We are a country rich in natural resources, with 25 per cent of Europe’s wind and tidal energy potential and 10 per cent of Europe’s wave potential.
We also have the talent and skills to create a successful country, with creative industries worth &pound;2.8billion and life sciences worth &pound;1.9billion.
But thousands in Glasgow are turning to foodbanks and having to chose between eating or heating their homes.
People with disabilities are being hit by Westminster’s abolition of the disability living allowance, which will rob them of the valuable support they rely on in order to live independent lives.
Independence will let us use Scotland’s wealth to help the people living here. It’s time to use our wealth not on nuclear weapons or illegal wars but on childcare, healthcare, pensions and carers.
We will have the job creating powers we need, which will especially benefit Scotland’s young people.
The Scottish Government will guarantee access to education, training or employment for young people aged up to 24, demonstrating our commitment to providing Scotland’s young people with the best possible future.
Independence will allow us to protect Scotland’s OAPs, by offering a triple-lock guarantee for their hard-earned pensions.
For too many years, Westminster governments let the value of the state pension slip back, by failing to increase their value fairly from year to year. The triple-lock means pensions will increase by average earnings increases, in line with consumer price index inflation or 2.5 per cent – whichever is highest.
A Yes vote will mean we can protect our Scottish NHS from the risk of privatisation south of the Border.
Cuts in England’s NHS budget are a serious threat to our health service as they will lead to cuts in Scotland’s block budget. Only independence will give Scotland control over our finances and the means to protect our NHS.
So on Thursday, be part of history, take this one opportunity to make a better, fairer and more prosperous Scotland and vote Yes – for us, our children and our future generations.
 