The little fighter was born 17 weeks premature in October 2012 In memory of Mason - Daily Record The parents of a premature baby – who amazed medics with his fighting spirit before losing his life – are holding a special event in aid of Paisley’s Special Baby Care Unit.
The little fighter was born 17 weeks premature in October 2012 and his battle for survival so astounded doctors they nick-named him the “Famous Mason McCaig” before he lost his struggle in June last year.
Now his proud parents, mum Jacqueline and dad Martin, of Ferguslie Park, are spearheading a fundraising drive to help save the lives of other cherished newborns.
Jacqueline, 34, landlady at the Old Swan Inn, in Paisley, has joined forces with string a big-hearted businesses in the town to raise cash at the Great Scottish Run.
Hubby Martin is running the 10k in the Great Scottish Run through Glasgow on October 5 while proud Buddie Davie Walker, proprietor of Davie the Barber, is also doing the half-marathon on behalf of the SCBU at Paisley’s Royal Alexandra Hospital.
And Mason’s brother Ryan, 14, and his sister Erin, nine, are also running the 2.5K on Saturday, October4, in Glasgow in memory of their loved one as well as to raise vital cash.
Boxing legend Ricky Burns, and his manager Alex Morrison, have also joined the campaign by offering a par of signed boxing gloves and &pound;100 to the fighting fund.
Business – including the Anchor Bar, Kennedys, The Old Swan Inn, Pure Steaming Carpet Cleaning, New Coin Automatics and Surface Ink – are also supporting their efforts on behalf the baby unit.
Jacqueline told the Express: “We would like to invite people to sponsor our efforts on behalf of the Special Baby Care Unit in Paisley.
“Our son Mason, who was born 17 weeks premature in 2012, passed away in June 2013 aged eight months.
“This year, my husband Martin is running the 10k in the great Scottish Run in October along with Davie the Barber who is doing the half marathon this year .
“Mason’s Ryan and sister Erin are running the 2.5k in the Great Scottish Run. All are doing it to raise funds for Paisley’s SCBU at the RAH.
“We would to invite people and businesses to support this wonderful cause.
“They can have their names printed on the back of the runners’ T-shirts for &pound;30 .
“So come along and sponsor us and help make a difference for families of premature babies.”
 