THE long-haired funnyman says he's hoping to avoid a repeat performance of another Glasgow gig which saw him run three hours late. Ross Noble promises to work on his comic timing ahead of Tangentleman tour's Glasgow date at Clyde Auditorium - Daily Record IT’S said good things come to those who wait, but funny man Ross Noble is hoping Glaswegian audiences won’t be hanging around quite as long as one of his previous city gigs.
Years back, when the Northumberland comedian was set to play a Glasgow club, transport troubles saw the show start at 11pm - three hours late.
But while Noble has vowed to be on time when he brings his unique brand of wandering comedy to the Clyde Auditorium for the first time at the end of the month, he reckons Glaswegian audiences would forgive him for his comic timing.
Laughing, he recalls his last tardy appearance: “There was one time I was doing a gig up there and my plane was cancelled so I get to the train station, then the trains were delayed.
“This was a club gig, so I ring up and say ‘listen I’ll not be there for three hours’.
“The lady who answered the phone said ‘aye that’s fine’, I say ‘what do you mean it’s fine?’ she said ‘we’ll just do it anyway, we told the crowd instead of the gig starting at 8 o’clock it’ll just start at 11’.
“So I turn up three hours late and expected everyone to be really p****d off, but they were just like, ‘right well you’re here now, go on then’
“There’s a lot of places that if you did that they’d already be home. They were tired and they’d had&nbsp; a lot to drink, but it was a good gig.
“Glasgow audiences are genuinely brilliant.
“I don’t know if this is because everyone’s really comedy savvy or whether or not they’re just enthusiastic upbeat people.
&quot;Or it might be stereotypically you just prefer a drink up there, but I personally have never had a flat audience in Glasgow.”
The Clyde Auditorium date marks the first month of Noble’s five-month long UK tour with new show Tangentleman, a reference to his trademark style of wandering off topic at the drop of a hat, which he would then discuss (bowler, stovepipe, which is best?).
But while his digressional style, which has seen him hailed as the king of improvisational comedy, has become his trademark, it wasn’t what he set out to do.
He confessed: “My early gigs I had props and my idea was that I would go on, do a prop thing, do a joke, then a prop thing, then a joke.
“I was trying to be like Jack Dee when I first started.
“But the truth was I just got distracted talking to people in the audience and I’d think, I’ll get to the props in a minute.
“It got to the point I’d show up with a suitcase full of props, start talking to the audience then never get round to doing it.”
Crowd participation at Noble gigs has got to the point where audiences will leave presents - and their shoes - on the stage for him at the interval for him to discuss in the second half.
But he’s keen to stress that unlike some comics, he’s looking to have a conversation with his patrons, rather than get ripped into them.
He explained: “I think that there’s a real sense nowadays with certain comedians that basically the interaction with the audience is just fodder for them to tear them apart.
“If you look at Frankie Boyle for example, he’s saying come and see me, I’m horrible and i’ll be horrible to you.
“The rest of the audience is watching someone feel uncomfortable, someone being belittled or used as ammunition.
“I want it to be a positive thing rather than people sitting thinking ‘oh no he’s gonna say i have a s**t shirt on or he’ll say I’m boring because i work in IT.
“It’s about feeling inclusive and people feeling part of something rather than just get a cheap laugh.
“Though don’t get me wrong, I’m not above getting a cheap laugh.”
Ross Noble plays the Clyde Auditorium on Friday, September 26.
 