GET all the breaking news, reaction and headlines in the wake of result in the historic independence referendum where Scotland voted no. Live: Scotland votes NO in independence referendum result - reaction and latest news updates - Daily Record  
The video below is LIVE - click to play.
  
 
See all the results as they arrive from around the country in our live voting map
Former council leader arrested after woman is allegedly assaulted outside polling station
Vicious Internet troll tells Andy Murray he wishes star 'had been killed at Dunblane' after tennis ace tweets support for Yes vote
Find out what happens if Scotland votes NO to independence - and what if it's YES
The timeline for the Scottish independence referendum
The final count from Edinburgh:
YES - 1,617,989
NO - 2,001,926
Companies with Scottish links led the FTSE 100 Index higher as a relief rally took hold on financial markets following the rejection of independence.
Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland surged 3% while energy provider SSE, Glasgow-based engineer Weir and Standard Life were up by around 2%.
The FTSE 100 Index was 45.5 points higher at 6865 - a rise of 0.5% but short of the 100-point surge predicted earlier in the morning - as the No vote removed a long period of uncertainty for investors.
Sterling climbed by almost 1% overnight to as high as 1.65 against the US dollar as traders reacted to the first poll results showing support for the No campaign. The pound gave up some of the gains later but is still much improved on the 10-month low of just above 1.60 seen two weeks ago.
Ross Martin, chief executive of the Scottish Council for Development and Industry, said: &quot;We look forward to engaging with both the Scottish and UK governments and Lord Smith following his appointment by the Prime Minister to take forward discussions on and delivery of the further devolved powers that the Scottish people clearly seek as part of wider political change across the UK.&quot;
Fishing leader Bertie Armstrong said: &quot;Whilst the decision has been made for the constitutional status quo, as far as fishing is concerned there will most definitely need to be change in how we work together as an EU member state.&quot;
Mr Armstrong, chief executive of the Scottish Fishermen's Federation, added: &quot;For the last 18 months, the Scottish Government has lived in two parallel universes: engaging in normal business such as international negotiations, but pursuing at every opportunity the argument for separation.
&quot;The Scottish Government had a mandate for this and it was absolutely right and necessary for the referendum process to run its course.
&quot;But now that the referendum is over, the Scottish and UK governments need to work together as closely as possible.
&quot;There are many challenges facing fishing, most notably the forthcoming discards ban, which has the potential to devastate our fishing fleets.
&quot;We have had enough arm-wrestling during the independence debate, now is the time to work as a united team to get the best deal possible for fishing.
&quot;We will be contacting both fisheries ministers in the coming days to set this in train and we are committed to playing our part in the process.&quot;
THE HIGHLANDS FINALLY DECLARE!
I know, what's the point, but let's just give them their moment...
THE HIGHLANDS VOTE NO
YES - 78,069
NO - 87,739
CBI director-general John Cridland said the No result would be &quot;greeted by a collective sigh of relief across the business community&quot;.
Mr Cridland said: &quot;Business has always believed that the union is best for creating jobs, raising growth and improving living standards, and welcomes that the people of Scotland want to play an integral role in this internationally successful partnership.
&quot;As the debate now moves to the question of further devolution, it is important that it does not undermine the strength of the single internal market and it is in the best interests of citizens living in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, as well as those in Scotland.&quot;
Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby said this morning:
&quot;Over the past few weeks the campaign has touched on such raw issues of identity and been so closely fought that it has generated profound questioning and unsettlement far beyond Scotland.
&quot;The decision by the Scottish people to remain within the United Kingdom, while deeply disappointing to many, will be welcomed by all those who believe that this country can continue to be an example of how different nations can work together for the common good within one state.
&quot;This is a moment for reconciliation and healing not rejoicing or recrimination. Some of the wounds opened up in recent months are likely to take time to heal on both sides of the border.
&quot;The historically close relationships that have existed between the Scottish Episcopal Church, the Church of Scotland and the Church of England and our long involvement in mediation have a contribution to make as our societies not only reflect on the lessons of the referendum campaign but engage in delivering the radical restructuring of the relationship between Scotland and the rest of the United Kingdom for which commitments have been made.&quot;
 

David Cameron's statement this morning at 10 Downing Street:
&quot;The people of Scotland have spoken and it is a clear result.
&quot;They have kept our country of four nations together and like millions of other people I am delighted.
&quot;As I said during the campaign it would have broken my heart to see our United Kingdom come to an end.
&quot;And I know that sentiment was shared by people not just across our country but around the world because of what we have achieved together in the past and what we can do together in the future.
&quot;So now it is time for our United Kingdom to come together and to move forward.
&quot;A vital part of that will be a balanced settlement, fair to people in Scotland and importantly to everyone in England, Wales and Northern Ireland as well.
&quot;Let us remember first why we had this debate and why it was right to do so.
&quot;The Scottish National Party was elected in Scotland in 2011 and promised a referendum on independence.
&quot;We could have tried to block that, we could have tried to put it off but just as with other big issues it is right to take and not to duck the big decision.
&quot;I am a passionate believer in our United Kingdom and I wanted more than anything for our United Kingdom to stay together.
&quot;But I am also a democrat and it was right that we respected the SNP's majority in Holyrood and gave the Scottish people the right to have their say.
&quot;Let us also remember why it was right to ask the definitive question 'Yes or No'.
&quot;Because now the debate has been settled for a generation, or as Alex Salmond has said: 'Perhaps for a lifetime'.
&quot;So their can be no disputes, no re-runs, we have heard the will of the Scottish people.
&quot;Scotland voted for a stronger Scottish parliament backed by the strength and security of the United Kingdom and I want to congratulate the No campaign for that, for showing people that our nations really are Better Together.
&quot;I also want to pay tribute to Yes Scotland for a well-fought campaign and to say to all those who did vote for independence 'we hear you'.
&quot;We now have a chance, a great opportunity to change the way the British people are governed and change it for the better.
&quot;Political leaders on all sides of the debate now bear a heavy responsibility to come together and work constructively, to advance the interests of people in Scotland as well as those in England, Wales and Northern Ireland for each and every citizen of our United Kingdom.
&quot;To those in Scotland sceptical of the constitutional promises that were made, let me say this - we have delivered on devolution under this government and we will do so again in the next parliament.
&quot;The three pro-Union parties have made commitments, clear commitments on further powers for the Scottish Parliament.
&quot;We will ensure that those commitments are honoured in full.
&quot;And I can announce today that Lord Smith of Kelvin, who so successfully led Glasgow's Commonwealth Games, has agreed to oversee the process to take forward these devolution commitments, the powers over tax spending and welfare, all agreed by November, and draft legislation published by January.
&quot;Just as the people of Scotland will have more powers of their affairs, so it follows that the people of England, Wales and Northern Ireland must have a bigger say over theirs.
&quot;The rights of these voters need to be respected, preserved and enhanced. It is absolutely right that the new and fair settlement for Scotland should be accompanied by a new and fair settlement that applies to all parts of our United Kingdom.
&quot;In Wales there are proposals to give the Welsh Government and Assembly more powers and I want Wales to be at the heart of the debate on how to make the United Kingdom work for all our nations.
&quot;In Northern Ireland we must work to ensure that the devolved institutions function effectively.
&quot;But I have long believed that a crucial part missing from this national discussion is England.
&quot;We have heard the voice of Scotland and now the millions of voices of England must also be heard.
&quot;The question of English votes for English laws, the so-called West Lothian question, requires a decisive answer so just as Scotland will vote separately in the Scottish Parliament on their issues on tax, spending and welfare, so too England as well as Wales and Northern Ireland should be able to vote on these issues.
&quot;And all this must take place in tandem with and at the same pace as the settlement for Scotland.
&quot;I hope this is going to take place on a cross-party basis, I've asked William Hague to draw up these plans. We will set up a Cabinet committee right away and proposals will also be ready for the same timetable.
&quot;I hope the Labour Party and other parties will contribute.
&quot;It is also important that we have wider civic engagement about how to improve governance throughout our United Kingdom, including how to empower our great cities, and we will say more about this in the coming days.
&quot;This referendum has been hard fought, it has stirred strong passions, it has electrified politics in Scotland and caught the imagination of people across the whole of our United Kingdom.
&quot;It will be remembered as a powerful demonstration of the strength and vitality of our ancient democracy.
&quot;Record numbers registered to vote and record numbers cast their vote. We should all be proud of that.
&quot;It has reminded us how fortunate we are that we are able to settle these vital issues at the ballot box peacefully and calmly.
&quot;Now we must look forward and turn this into the moment when everyone, whichever way they voted, comes together to build that better, brighter future for our entire United Kingdom.&quot;
NEWS FROM THE HIGHLANDS: They are still counting, but are reporting a turnout of 87%
 

This is the full text of Alex Salmond's statement&nbsp;this morning:
&quot;Can I say thank-you for that reception but above all thank-you to Scotland for 1.6 million votes for Scottish independence.
&quot;Our friends in the Highlands of Scotland are still to speak so the final results aren't in, but we know there is going to be a majority for the No campaign.
&quot;It is important to say that our referendum was an agreed and consented process and Scotland has by a majority decided not, at this stage, to become an independent country.
&quot;I accept that verdict of the people and I call on all of Scotland to follow suit in accepting the democratic verdict of the people of Scotland.
&quot;I think all of us in this campaign will say that 45%, that 1.6 million votes, is a substantial vote for Scottish independence and the future of this country.
&quot;Let us say something which I hope unites all campaigns and all Scots. I think the process by which we have made our decision as a nation reflects enormous credit on Scotland.
&quot;A turnout of 86% is one of the highest in the democratic world for any election or any referendum in history. This has been a triumph for the democratic process and for participation in politics.
&quot;For example, the initiative by which our 16 and 17-year-olds were able to vote has proved to be a resounding success - I suspect no-one will ever again dispute their right and ability to participate fully and responsibly in democratic elections.
&quot;So we now face the consequences of Scotland's decision.
&quot;Firstly, clause 30 of the Edinburgh Agreement is now in operation. On behalf of the Scottish Government I accept the result and I pledge to work constructively in the interests of Scotland and the rest of the United Kingdom.
&quot;Secondly, the unionist parties made vows late in the campaign to devolve more powers to Scotland.
&quot;Scotland will expect these to be honoured in rapid course - as a reminder, we have been promised a second reading of a Scotland Bill by March 27 next year.
&quot;Not just the 1.6 million Scots who voted for independence will demand that timetable is followed but all Scots who participated in this referendum will demand that timetable is followed.
&quot;I'll be speaking to the Prime Minister shortly after this statement and I have a press conference later today to reflect on that and the full result.
&quot;But can I return, thirdly, to the empowerment of so many Scots entering the political process for the very first time.
&quot;It is something that is so valuable it has to be cherished, preserved and built upon.
&quot;I've said it a number of times in this campaign that the most moving thing I saw was the queue of people in Dundee two or three weeks ago, patiently waiting to register to vote - most of them for the first time ever, choosing to participate in the democratic process.
&quot;Today in Inverurie I met a 61-year-old lady just coming out of the polling station who had never voted before in her life.
&quot;I met a soldier, a former soldier, who hadn't voted since he left the Army some 24 years ago.
&quot;These people were inspired to enter the democratic politics by the thought they could make a difference in building something better for the country.
&quot;These are people who all of us, as we campaigned, have met and been inspired by and all of us are a part of all of that experience that we have encountered.
&quot;Whatever else we can say about this referendum campaign, we have touched sections of the community who have never before been touched by politics, these sections of the community have touched us and touched the political process.
&quot;I don't think that will ever be allowed to go back to business as usual in politics again.
&quot;Friends, sometimes it is best to reflect where we are in a journey.
&quot;45%, 1.6 million of our fellow citizens voting for independence.
&quot;I don't think any of us, whenever we entered politics, would have thought such a thing to be either credible or possible,&quot; he said.
&quot;Over the last few weeks we have seen a scare and a fear of enormous proportions - not a scaremongering directed at the Scottish people but the scare and the fear at the heart of the Westminster establishment as they realise the mass movement of people that was going forward in Scotland.
&quot;Today of all days as we bring Scotland together, let us not dwell on the distance we have fallen short, let us dwell on the distance we have travelled and have confidence the movement is abroad in Scotland that will take this nation forward and we shall go forward as one nation.&quot;
Meanwhile, in the Highlands, two pensioners stand over a mountain of ballot papers...
&quot;Ninety thousand six hundred and...&quot;
&quot;Excuse me, can I get you a cup of tea?&quot;
&quot;Lost the count. We'll have to start from the beginning. One, two, three...&quot;
They should have the result by midday tomorrow.
Andy Philip, political correspondent is here to get the reaction to the vote and writes:
The push is now on to reshape the politics of Britain.
David Cameron said the promise will be honoured in full.
He said: &quot;Scotland voted for a stronger Scottish parliament backed by the strength and security of the United Kingdom and I want to congratulate the No campaign for that, for showing people that our nations really are Better Together.
&quot;I also want to pay tribute to Yes Scotland for a well-fought campaign and to say to all those who did vote for independence 'we hear you'.&quot;
He added: &quot;To those in Scotland sceptical of the constitutional promises that were made, let me say this - we have delivered on devolution under this government and we will do so again in the next parliament.
&quot;The three pro-Union parties have made commitments, clear commitments on further powers for the Scottish Parliament.
&quot;We will ensure that those commitments are honoured in full.
Nick Clegg already repeated his pledge for more devolved powers.
Welsh first minister Carwyn Jones says he wants a new future for the whole UK.
He tweeted: &quot;Pleased the people of Scotland have voted to remain in the Union – together we will shape a new constitutional future for the UK.&quot;
Labour leader Ed Miliband tweeted: &quot;Our United Kingdom is stronger today than it was yesterday.&quot;
Former Scottish first minister Jack McConnell tweeted: &quot;It is over. Accept the result and move on. But UK and Scottish politics needs to change. A modern multinational multicultural UK.&quot;
 

Alistair Darling's speech in full: &quot;The people of Scotland have spoken. We have chosen unity over division and positive change rather than needless separation.
&quot;It is a momentous result for Scotland and also for the United Kingdom as a whole.
&quot;By confirming our place within the Union, we have reaffirmed all that we have in common and the bonds that tie us together.
&quot;Let them never be broken.
&quot;But as we celebrate, let us also listen. More than 85 per cent of the Scottish population has voted. People who were disengaged from politics have turned out in large numbers. 
&quot;While they have voted on the constitution, that was not the only or perhaps the major issue that drove them to the polls.
&quot;Every political party must listen to their cry for change, which could be echoed in every part of our United Kingdom but had this opportunity to express itself in Scotland.
&quot;To those who have supported us, and all the great team of volunteers who have worked for this&nbsp; outcome, I want to say thanks from the bottom of my heart.
&quot;You represent the majority of opinion. Your voices have been heard.. We have taken on the argument and won. The silent have spoken.
&quot;Of course I understand that amongst those who supported Yes there will be disappointment, or even grief. Defeat is painful, as I can tell you from personal experience.
&quot;I know there are many people with deep and genuine commitment to Scotland on the Yes side. They will and must continue to make their contribution to the political debate.
&quot;But that debate must move on from the constitution to the day and daily issues which affect their lives and prospects.
&quot;And the Scottish Parliament must use both the powers it holds and those which are coming to it, to address these concerns.
&quot;When the Scottish Parliament was born, delivered by Donald Dewar and the government of which I was proud to be a member, we talked of devolution being a journey.
&quot;He would be proud that Scottish democracy is so vibrant, so alive, and so determined to take the next steps down the road which we began..
&quot;So I am clear that all of the parties who have made shared commitments to change must now start to translate this into action. I give my commitment to promoting that process.
&quot;We will work with the people of Scotland in advancing these commitments.
&quot;We must also recognize that the debate has created some fairly deep divisions in our country. This has been a campaign that has both energized and, at times, divided.
&quot;Some people have felt unable to speak out except through the ballot box
&quot;This division now needs to be addressed.
&quot;This requires leadership, and my colleagues and I will play our part in bringing the country together, to demonstrate that after this vote we remain united.
&quot;This has not been an easy campaign YES to change is sometimes easier to argue for than NO. We were obliged to point to the risks of separation as well as the positive aspects of the Union.
&quot;But those risks were real, and it is in my view a tribute to the good sense of the Scottish people that they decided they were far too great to take.
&quot;So the vote is over. The Scottish people have given their verdict.
&quot;We have made&nbsp; a decision for progress and change, for Scotland within the United Kingdom.
&quot;Come on Scotland. Let’s do it together.&quot;
 

Read today's Record View:
One last result still to come. The bloody Highlands. That result is expected at 7.30am. Only the most hardcore and foolish will be up at that time.
Alex Salmond has said the prime minister must now deliver on the pledge for considerable powers for Scotland.
Salmond said: &quot;The unionist parties made vows late in the campaign to devolve more powers to Scotland.
&quot;Scotland will expect these to be honoured in rapid course.
&quot;We have been promised a second reading of the Scotland Bill by the 27th March next year. 
&quot;And not just the 1.6 million Scots who voted for independence will demand that the timetable is followed, but all Scots who participated in this referendum will demand that the timetable is followed.&quot;
Which is also something Nick Clegg has been thinking about:

A vote against independence was not a vote against change and we must deliver on time and in full the package of new powers to Scotland.


Scottish Labour Party leader Johann Lamont said the result was &quot;decisive&quot;.
On whether it had been a happy night, she told Today on BBC Radio 4: &quot;I'm not sure if the word is happy that I'd use, it's very emotional - it's a very emotional time.
&quot;I've seen my country divided and I know there are people out there who are really hurting because they've lost, and we are pleased Scotland has decided it wants to stay in the United Kingdom and I feel it's an affirmation of a size we can move on from.
&quot;When Nicola Sturgeon said on a personal level she was disappointed I can understand that because I know she fought a hard campaign ... she also said this was a vote for change, I absolutely agree with that.
&quot;We know there'll be a debate around powers and constitutional change but I yearn for the arguments around social justice and equality to get back into the stage in the Scottish parliament and elsewhere, engage with people about what it was they wanted when they voted yes and no, and I think we can come together round that.&quot;
We have also published a 7am special edition of the paper which you will be able to pick up this morning on your way to work. 

A New Scotland. 7am edition of the Daily Record.. #indyref @Daily_Record http://t.co/36LsluUAqX pic.twitter.com/DCBhtb2amD


From our man Gary Cruden in Aberdeen:
My sign off from Aberdeen tonight, time to head to bed. First though the reaction from the yes and no camps.
North-east Labour MSP Lewis Macdonald was clearly elated by the result.
“I'm delighted with the results here and across the country. There's a very strong endorsement of no in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire a 60,000 majority in an area the SNP has traditionally been strong,” he said.
“I hope the SNP will reflect on it, they have taken a serious beating here tonight. They need to recognise that independence is off the agenda and the question is what kind of agreement can we reach across parties on how Scotland goes forward on self government within the union.”
The MSP denied there had been any panic as the polls closed in the run up to the vote and said instead it had inspired no voters to turn out.
“The polls narrowed and the Yes even went ahead on one poll and that concentrated the minds, not just of the politicians but of the electorate. Many voters who thought 'it'll never happen' thought 'yes it can and we don't want it to' and that is think is part of the reason for these fantastic turnouts today.”
Despite losing out Banff and Buchan SNP MSP Stewart Stevenson refused to be downbeat at the result instead stating it would bring about change which otherwise would not have happened.
“We always knew that in a prosperous area like this it's a bigger challenge than elsewhere, and so it has proved. We have done a bit better than some of the forecasts suggested and that's good,” he said.
“The key message that comes out of this campaign is that with the announcements of last week by the three party leaders at Westminster that there would be change in the event of a no vote, everybody in this campaign has been campaigning for change and I'm sure the people of Scotland who voted in this referendum will be on the case to ensure the change is delivered for Scotland.”
Refusing to admit disappointment the former transport minister said: “It's always better to win.”
From Craig Watson at the Fife count:
Councillor David Ross spoke about why his side won this campaign.
&quot;People have taken the lack of answers that have been given in this campaign by the yes side and people have weight that against the positive future we can still have inside the UK….. I think we have more powers coming”
“I think UK politics will be changed by this referendum campaign and by the decision tonight”
Alistair Dane, Yes campaigner and Fife Council councillor “In Fife we didn’t really expect to win but we nearly got there. Across Scotland, Yes we did expect to win but we never got there… will there be another referendum? Yes!”
Dane also spoke of his scepticism of Westminster’s pledge to deliver more powers for Scotland.
More from First Minister Alex Salmond in Edinburgh:
&quot;Our referendum was an agreed and consented process and Scotland has decided not - at this stage - to become an independent country. I accept that verdict of the people and I call on all of Scotland to follow suit in accepting the democratic verdict of the people of Scotland.&quot;
MORAY SAYS NO
From Hazel Lawon at the Moray count.
Result:
No - 36,935 (57.5%)
Yes - 27,232 (42.5%)
38 spoiled papers
There was tears of joy and disappointment in Moray as the No campaign beat the Yes camp in an SNP stronghold.
An emotional Richard Lochhead MSP. the rural affairs minister, said: &quot;Scotland will never be the same again.&quot;
Better Together campaigner Sean Morton said: &quot;We feel like we pushed a bolder over a mountain.&quot;
The Moray result was expected to be one of the first to be declared but was second last of the 32 authorities.

 