Political correspondent Jack Blanchard, from our sister paper The Mirror, takes a look at what might happen Scotland votes No to independence - what happens next? - Daily Record Scotland has decided - it's a No to independence.
But with the vote now consigned to history, thoughts must turn to what happens next.
The No vote will undoubtedly lead to a massive shift in the political landscape.
Here, we take a look at the probable timetable of events.
7am, Friday - A relieved David Cameron thanks Scottish voters for saving the union and promises Holyrood a raft of new powers in a speech from Downing Street.
8am, Friday - Stock markets open. Prices are likely to soar as fear of uncertainty in the markets disappears.
9am, Friday - The SNP will say the close-run vote shows the appetite for change in Scotland - and demands a raft of new powers from Westminster. Work begins immediately on a new devolution settlement.
October 13, 2014 - Parliament returns after the conference season. Cameron tells MPs he will keep his promise of further devolution to the Scottish Parliament. He will be met with fury from some of his own backbenchers who say Scotland has blackmailed the rest of Britain.
October 16, 2014 - Gordon Brown leads House of Commons debate setting out plans for further devolution. He promises a ‘command paper’ will be published by the end of the month.
November 2014 - Questions of devolution dominate proceedings at Westminster. Angry English and Welsh MPs demand powers for their own regions. A Scotland White Paper is published setting out in more details plans to give Holyrood new powers over tax and welfare.
January 2015 - Draft laws published offering a new settlement for Scotland.
They are likely to be denounced by the SNP as insufficient. Could Nicola Sturgeon - who might be leading the party by then - demand another vote by 2020?
May 2015 - UK general election. Current polls suggest Ed Miliband is on course for Downing Street. He is likely to promise a huge new devolution package for English cities to sit alongside the new Scottish laws.
May 2016 - Scottish Parliament elections. Nicola Sturgeon will seek re-election as First Minister, claiming Scotland has been “betrayed” by Westminster. But could she face a challenge from Scottish Labour... led by a revived Gordon Brown?
 