MARIE Rimmer, 67, was arrested after a woman was allegedly assaulted outside Shettleston Community Education Centre around 1pm. Former council leader arrested after woman is allegedly assaulted outside polling station in Shettleston - Daily Record A​ ​FORMER ​English council leader selected to stand as a Labour MP was arrested today for an alleged polling station assault on another woman.
Marie Rimmer, 67, will appear before Glasgow Sheriff Court on Friday in connection after the bust up in the city’s east end.
Police Scotland said the incident happened at the Shettleston Community Education Centre in Amulree Street around 1pm.
The arrest was the second on the historic day Scots went to the polls to decide the nation’s future.
Earlier a Labour councillor was the victim of an alleged assault in Clydebank, Dunbartonshire.
Rimmer - who holds a CBE - was picked from an all-women shortlist in April as Labour’s prospective parliamentary candidate for St Helens South and Whiston.
Ms Rimmer currently represents West Park Ward on St Helens Council.
The Labour stalwart has been a councillor for more than 30 years and lost a leadership challenge on St Helens Council last year.
Current MP Shaun Woodward, 55, will step down at the 2015 General Election after 13 years.
Speaking after her selection, Ms Rimmer said: “I have lived and worked in St. Helens all my life and cannot wait to get to Westminster to take on these Tories who are causing so much misery for residents across this constituency.”
Mr Woodward, who described Ms Rimmer as a “true fighter with strong values and a great sense of compassion”, switched to Labour in 1999 after being Conservative MP for Witney.
Meanwhile, a pro-union Labour councillor spoke of his shock after he was allegedly attacked outside a polling station shortly after the polls opened.
Lawrence O’Neill, 49, who was wearing a ‘Vote No’ rosette, was standing outside a polling station in Faifley Road, Clydebank.
The dad-of-two, who represents the West Dunbartonshire Council ward of Kilpatrick, said: “A man approached me and went past, walked over to the Yes team and asked for a sticker.
“They gave him a roll of stickers.
“He then came over to me and jabbed one into my chest, while shouting profanities.
“It was a forceful push.
“I went backwards and then he pushed me again.
“It was more of a push than a punch.
“He was shouting and screaming obscenities which I won’t repeat because there are children around.
“But the gist of it was that he was asking me to go back down to London, to Westminster.
“I was helped by members of the Yes team.
“They seemed very concerned about the incident.
“I believe he was a working man who had just come off work and he was obviously a passionate supporter of independence.
“What happened was in no way indicative of my experience of the Yes campaign but it has left a very nasty taste.
“The police were at the polling station anyway. Two officers came out and asked me what had happened, then they arrested the man.”
Paul Whitelaw, 44, was arrested in connection with the alleged assault, which happened around 8.30am, and is expected to appear at Dumbarton Sheriff Court on Friday.
 