AN Internet security firm say there are hundreds of thousands of details on city residents being stolen and sold on the dark web. Glasgow at risk on dark web with 300,000 pieces of Glaswegians' private data being sold online - Daily Record AN anti-fraud firm claim there are more than 300,000 pieces of private data on Glaswegians circulating between criminals online.
Details from email addresses to credit card numbers and passwords are being stolen and sold on the dark web.
 Bosses at the website www.hasmyidentitybeenstolen.com said they found 316,296 records connected to the city, including 28,166 rated as “high risk”. 
These included 9971 email addresses, 9684 credit card numbers and 1362 card numbers with the CVV security code on the back of the card. Another 1976 records had “secret answers” to security questions.
Darren Innes, chief of C6-Intelligence who run the site, said they had searched the dark web and claimed that, at one point, the firm had 400million records and no method to return them to people.
Darren said: “A phenomenal amount of data is being lost. It comes from our own carelessness or from corporate hacks.
“The internet is like an iceberg – you only see the top percentage, not the selling of identity data and all sorts of criminality that we just cannot stop.”
The site gives users the chance to check whether information linked to their email address has been sold on the dark web.
Darren claims it’s not a question of if your data will be stolen but when.
He said: “The key is to change the details that put you at most risk – passwords, credit card details or secret answers. If any of those are up for sale, you tell the relevant organisations and change the details.”
Detective Superintendent Steven Wilson said police are committed to tackling cyber crime but urged users to be safe online. He said: “You can help protect yourself by following proper security principles when using your computer, mobile and going online.
“These include using proper passwords and installing anti-virus protection.
 “You can also check the website www.getsafeonline.org while firms  can visit the Scottish Business Resilience Centre website, www.sbcc.org.uk 
“Police Scotland are committed to keeping people safe.
“We are also committed to ensuring people stay safe when they go online and to tackling cyber-crime. If you feel your personal details have been at all compromised or your data stolen then please in the first instance speak to your service provider.”
New government funding was announced this week to help small businesses tackle cyber threats, a security sector worth more than &pound;6billion to the UK economy.
 