AFTER two years of campaigning, the polls are open and the future of the nation rests in your hands. It's your choice, your future. Choose wisely Scotland. Independence referendum LIVE: Latest news as Scots go to the polls - Daily Record  
Lifeboats on standby in Western Isles after fog threatens to delay count
Former English council leader arrested after incident outside Glasgow polling booth
Vicious internet troll tells Andy Murray he wishes star 'had been killed at Dunblane' after tennis ace tweets support for Yes vote
What Next? What happens if Scotland votes NO to independence - and what if it's YES
Timeline for Scottish independence referendum
Good morning Scotland. It's hard to believe that after two years of campaigning, the day of the referendum is finally upon us.
Scotland decides. Do you know how you are going to vote?
 

Alex Salmond has cast his vote. Will he fulfil his lifelong ambition in creating an independent Scotland?

Today's @Daily_Record souvenir wrap front page #scotpapers pic.twitter.com/g1vVeSIMVS


Here's a look at our front page souvenir wrap today. You know it must be a special occasion when the newspapers splash out on an extra four pages for each and every one of you. 
Our Referendum day special reads : Choose Well Scotland. Wise words, if ever there were any, but no wiser than the poetic temperance of Robert Burns. 
Get yourself a copy. You'll want to hold on to today's edition forever, regardless of the outcome.
On the back page of our souvenir cover we have the final, final, FINAL words of Alex Salmond and Alistair Darling.
Both have these men have fought off the opposition as much as they've fought off sleep in the last two years, and now.. now they both leave the future of this nation in your hands..
- Alex Salmond
 

- Alistair Darling

Today's @Daily_Record front page #scotpapers pic.twitter.com/qln3MRgLoX


With the souvenir wrap catching so many eyes, it's easy to forget we have a front page on the inside of all that patriotic goodness.
On the inside, we have the results of our final Survation poll, putting No ahead again, but by only 53 per cent.
It really is all to play for. With all the last week's results seeing less than ten points split the campaigns, the result of today's vote really is too close to cal.
Andy Murray has been careful not to align himself with either side of the debate, and showed a hint of disappointment when Alex Salmond started waving a saltire in the stands at Wimbledon.
But today he said he would happily play tennis for an independent Scotland.
His distancing himself from the debate is understandable, what with all the grief he suffered on the back of previous ventures into the wilds of politics. 
In March he said: “I will take a position. My thoughts on it aren’t that relevant, because I can’t vote myself.”
(source: Guardian)
 

Gordon Brown casts his vote in North Queensferry this morning. 
By the look of him, he had a real problem with how wide the polling booths were. 
Good job he's the thumping fist of British politics, eh? Gordon Smash!

The polls are open. You have until 10pm tonight.. or 2200 if you're an ageing army major. 
It's all or nothing now today. Here, our political reporter Torcuil Crichton spotted a less than subtle advert in one of today's newspapers.
With so much riding on today's vote for so many, it's understandable why so many aren't bothering with such idle fancies as subtlty.

NO hassle: none to subtle estate agent ad on Herald front page. Wins for wit. pic.twitter.com/OL6nccHeQj


&nbsp;
The Kevin Maguire sent out this statement this morning..
Found a polling station in my Edinburgh hotel. It confused a few tourists looking for breakfast but I suppose a school or library was able to stay open. Voting is, in that old cliche. brisk.
The silly Yesers who booed No's Alistair Darling when he was voting won't be laughing tonight if boorish behaviour turns Don't Knows into Nos. Anecdotal evidence suggests that's happening and we see and hear noisy Yes supporters but may have missed the shy, silents Nos.
It's a grey day in Scotland's capital and I 'm off for a walk around magnificent Edinburgh and will report anything interesting or unusual.
Last night I saw a couple of Yesers driving a car with an illuminated 5-feet high Scottish Statue of Liberty on the roof.
Wished I'd snapped a picture. Will do if I see them again.
Read his column on the referendum, and why it matters, here.

I've just voted #Yes to Scotland becoming an independent country. What a wonderful feeling. #indyref


Not the biggest surprise vote of the day.. Nicola Sturgeon has voted Yes.
Twitter has exploded in interest from both Yes and No camps. Everyone is getting their friends and family involved.
It looks like the campaigning still has one more day left to run!
 

What you see here, is a pad of paper, made into voting cards ready for you to cast their vote.
You can touch them, but they won't move. They're made of paper, which is what grown ups used to waste in billions of tonnes before we all got iPads.
These pads are not what you're used to.. you can not pinch to zoom if the text is too small.
You can not play Candy Crush while you make your mind up.
You can not take a selfie on them.
You can not push the big button and the wee button and take a screen grab to share on Twitter later.
Read it. Mark it. Get outta there.
If you're sitting there confused..&nbsp; Google paper. It'll blow your mind.

In the last official day of campaigning for the YES vote, Elaine C Smith, Ricky Ross and Martin Compston have all had their say. If you missed it, here's a few words..
 

The 32 councils start their counts when polls close at 2200. They will report totals to the central count before declaring them locally.
It is difficult to estimate declaration times owing to a lack of precedents but it is expected the bulk should come through between 0300 and 0500 with the final count expected to declare at around 0600. By this time the overall outcome should be clear.
There will be an official announcement some time later by Chief Counting Officer Mary Pitcaithly at the central count centre at the Royal Highland Centre in Ingliston outside Edinburgh.
We will be running the website throughout the night and making sure the morning paper is as up to date as we can! 
But you can be sure that if we're all watching.. we'll all find out at the same time. Keep with the Daily Record all through today and tomorrow for all the latest reaction, news and updates.
&nbsp;
The Guardian caught up with an English couple in their 50s who arrived at a polling station just after 7am.
They did ask not to be named or photographed “because we’re voting yes and all of our family think we are a no.” 
A man in a van said he was “nervous if it goes the wrong way. My wife says she’s back off down to England if it’s a no.” 
He paused. 
“I’m no’ sure if that’s a good or a bad thing. But I’ll miss her.”
(Source: Guardian)
There is a lot of emphasis this morning on making sure voters mark their ballot paper in the correct manner.
There will be one question: Should Scotland be an independent country?
DO NOT sign your ballot paper.
DO NOT tick the box you choose.
DO NOT tick one box and put an X in the other.
DO NOT write FREEDOM!! on your ballot paper.
DO NOT follow put a 'O' (hug) beside your 'X' (kiss)
DO NOT write No thanks, Yes, No or Maybe on your ballot.
DO NOT draw a saltire in the shape of an X on your ballot paper.
&nbsp;

Reminders on how to fill in your ballot are valid. The amount of people who can fill in a bookie's slip but not voting card is frightening.



A group of Yes supporters couldn't resist acting the quintessential Scots last night.
I mean, what could be more Scottish than singing the flower of Scotland underneath the giant Kelpies sculpture in Falkirk.
 

Today, we take the most important decision of our lives, and for future generations of Scots. There is no going back.
Whether you vote Yes or No, you are a patriot. You are doing your duty for Scotland, and doing what you believe is right.
Don’t let politicians fool you. This is not about Westminster, Alex Salmond or David Cameron. It’s about all our futures, in the UK and Scotland.
Either way, you are voting for change. But I ask you to weigh up all the risks and all the potential rewards you perceive, not just for the short term, but forever.
If we vote Yes and are granted a currency union, that means a period of uncertainty.
Is this uncertainty outweighed by the benefits the Yes campaign say we’ll get?
And if you vote No, you don’t know what new powers Scotland will get. You do, however, have a promise from all the main UK parties that we will undoubtedly get more powers.
Yes or No, we will be guaranteed more power. But which decision offers generations to come the very best of opportunities?
Tomorrow, we will wake up to a decision we must all get behind and work with, not against one another, to make Scotland a better place for all our citizens.
*Sir Tom is a leading entrepreneur and philanthropist. He set up scotlandseptember18.com to provide objective analysis on the vote.
KEEP UP WITH ALL THE LATEST INDEPENDENCE REFERENDUM NEWS.
If you missed any of the speeches throughout the&nbsp;final days of campaigning, then worry not.. here's the pick of the bunch from the politicians that spoke with the most passion to clinch your vote from the jaws of the oppostition.
If you're an undecided voter, then here's the first of three videos that you need to watch to help you arrive at a decision.
First up, Prime Minister Alex Salmond


In what many observers called 'the speech of his career', everyone looked stunned and confused that Gordon Brown hadn't fought through the 2010 General election with such gusto.
If the No vote win tonight, it will be due in no small part to David Cameron recognising his unpopularity in Scotland, stepping aside and letting a former Labour leader - a Scottish former Labour leader at that - take the helm.

David Cameron is not a popular man in Scotland.
He performed worst in a poll asking who of the senior political figures has performed best during the campaign. 
But, like it or not, he is our current Prime Minister as a part of the United Kingdom and during the week, he too, gave the speech of his career.
Even if you're a cast iron yes voter, you have to admire his passion here. Cameron and passion haven't often gone hand in hand, so it's definitely an eyebrow-raiser. 
Who spotted one of the giant projections that found their way around the big cities in Scotland last night? Here's YES and NO logos getting their big moment on some of Glasgow's most iconic buildings.
 
Vote with pride today, know you're doing the right thing for your country and the world. #voteno #indyref pic.twitter.com/lDVHsSBctW

 
More incredible images of #VoteYes popping up across Scotland tonight! #IndyRef #VoteYes #Glasgow #BBC SHARE RT pic.twitter.com/Wn7lmJgmNe

The FTSE 100 was up around 32 points by mid-morning, suggesting investors expect a &quot;No&quot; vote. 
The City woke up late to the threat of Scottish independence, and has being mulling over the possible consequences since. 
The pound was broadly flat against the dollar&nbsp;his morning as&nbsp;traders &nbsp;nervously await the first results. 
Those could lean towards independence, putting sterling under pressure.
Emptiest place in Scotland today is the Scottish Parliament.
Touch ironic when the referendum is now about this place in Edinburgh either winning new powers or ruling a new country.
MSPs and their bag carriers are out fighting for every vote.

By 10am, 18.5% of Scots had voted! Huge turnout. #indyref http://t.co/SqOykAkhUN


Throughout the campaign, the Daily Record has led the way in giving both sides of the debate the chance to reach thousands of readers through our newspapers and online.
We've had some historical front covers, including those guest edited by Alex Salmond and Alistair Darling, the Vow that the Daily Record got out of Ed Miliband, David Cameron and Nick Clegg, and all the big moments of the campaign.
Here are some of our acclaimed covers.
 

 

When casting his vote this morning, First Minister Alex Salmond said he felt &quot;safe in the hands of the Scottish people&quot;.
Joined by two first-time voters, 18-year-old Natasha McDonald and Lea Pirie, 28, in his Aberdeenshire constituency, he said he had managed to get a good rest on the eve of the vote.
&quot;I got a fantastic night's sleep, obviously there's a great deal of anticipation, it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, it's a day that everybody will remember,&quot; he said.
&quot;Natasha and Lea are voting for the first time and so will so many people in Scotland, not just 16 and 17-year-olds, but people in their 30s, 40s and 50s.
&quot;We're in the hands of the people of Scotland and there's no safer place to be than in the hands of the Scottish people.&quot;
(source: Mirror)
Our political reporter Torcuil Crichton is one of many who have picked up on the latest poll to break. 

Crisp clean copy from @JoeMurphyLondon: Final poll from Ipsos MORI for Eve Standard: 53% NO 47% YES: http://t.co/Zk1cHJOJWy


The 'No' side has taken a six-point lead in the final opinion poll of the campaign.
A survey by IPSOS Mori for the London Evening Standard has just been published, putting the No campaign on 53% and Yes on 47%.
They surveyed almost 1,000 Scots by telephone over&nbsp;Tuesday&nbsp;and&nbsp;Wednesday.
The result is another boost to Better Together, suggesting they have a bigger lead than the raft of polls published last night. 
However, pollsters stress the gap is still &quot;within the margin of error&quot;.
In other words, this race is still too close to call.
 

If there's one thing I really love about this referendum campaign, it's the family friendly nature of the campaign.. let's forget the idiots for a moment.
Here, we see a little gent enter a polling station with his helmet on.. clearly he was expecting it all to kick off. 
Quite cynical for a wee guy, I thought.
Last night I was on a bus home when a guy called Billy decided to stop and talk to me. He's a Yes voter, and like half the bus I found out, was just on his way home from a Yes rally in George Square. 
I made the mistake of offering him one of my monster munch, so he took the bag right out my hand and started passing them around the bus.. in exchange for a Yes vote. 
There was a three and a four year old who started chanting YES! YES! YES! which suddenly made the rest of the bus chant YES! YES! YES! 
Kids just launch a whole new flavour to the proceedings.. it reminds me of pantomime. 
That's just a flavour from one bus in one pocket at one corner of the city.
 

Speaking after he voted this morning, leader of the Better Together campaign Alistair Darling said he was feeling &quot;very confident&quot;.
Greeted by a mixture of cheers and boos as he arrived at the Church Hill Theatre in Edinburgh to cast his vote, he said: 
That confidence may have increased again, with news that the No camp had a 6-point lead in the final polls.

Lots of creativity in today's England, Scotland front pages: http://t.co/xH4zDeCK4T #indyref * ht @nicksutton pic.twitter.com/eZWV1nyWCD


..slap bang right in the middle of it all.
 

Have you seen the 'I'm a voter button' appear on Facebook last night?
After seeing relationships take on a new dimension, publicising them as &quot;Facebook official&quot; or not (e.g. your relationship isn't &quot;Facebook official&quot; until you change your relationship status) I wonder if anyone out there is asking their friends if their vote is 'Facebook official' yet?
Click the button, or don't. You can still vote, and that's the one that matters.
 

A mural appeared on a London street last night, depicting Alex Salmond as William Wallace in Braveheart. Only instead of issuing a rally cry of &quot;FREEDOM!!&quot; he's pouting with a distinctively more camp, &quot;Och aye the No&quot;.
Now to spend the next 6 hours trying to work out what's the bigger stereotype.
On that note, disappointment rang out on Twitter and Facebook that not one of the Freeview channels decided to show Braveheart last night. 
If ever there was a chance to pull in a few million views, that was it.
 

In Donetsk, eastern Ukraine, 
All the way over in Donetsk, eastern Ukraine, a demonstration is taking place in support of Scottish independence.
&quot;I support the Scots. Their referendum is going peacefully, without war. I'm very jealous, and I wish them all the best,&quot; Natalia Isaeva told the Russian TV station LifeNews.
That’s nice, but why does it matter? Well actually, it matters quite a bit. 
 

Scottish independence will raise more than a few questions in Moscow over the future of Britain’s nuclear arms, not to mention the Kremlin looking for an out to legitimise the annexation of Crimea and separatist areas like Donetsk in Eastern Ukraine.
That’s why you’ll see Saltires at demos in Sevastopol and political figures refer make reference to the Scottish People’s Republic
(Source: Telegraph)
We're hearing that traffic has come to a standstill in Maryhill. Locals are going nuts with Saltire flags and running around, but drivers are getting involved too?
Sounds like some of the Yes supporters have kickstarted the party a little early. 
Well.. Maryhill loves to party. Why not?
 

When Scotland's 2,608 polling places close at 10pm tonight, the sealed boxes containing the ballot papers will be collected and transported to each local authority's designated count venue - in most cases a school, sports centre or town hall.
The number of ballot papers in each box will be counted by a 5,767-strong counting team and the total will be reported to the chief counting officer (CCO) who will authorise the local counting officer to announce the turnout.
The papers will be sorted into Yes, No and those deemed &quot;doubtful&quot;. These will need to be judged and possibly rejected as spoiled.
After reporting to the CCO, each local authority will announce its result, with the first declaration expected at around 1.30am and the last at around 6am.
Chief Counting Officer Mary Pitcaithly will announce the will of the nation at the Royal Highland Centre outside Edinburgh tomorrow morning.

Great to have @Andy_Murray and @Jamie_Murray provide a polling day boost to the Yes campaign. #indyref #VoteYes pic.twitter.com/UfUPXcwFyU


YES Scotland's official Twitter timeline features a rather nice family picture of the Super Murray Bros.
The comics of Twitter have already begun cracking jokes.. 
 
Apparently a number of impatient 'Yes' campaigners have unbuckled Scotland and are currently towing it into the North Sea. #IndyRef

Unfortunately it's not all good news across the country. Some have been met with vandalism and intimidation.

Shocking behaviour from yes campaigners. Should not be trying to threaten and intimidate #voteno #indyref pic.twitter.com/L7zhP5rDFc


This is NOT the kind of message the Yes campaign want to be sending out. 
There are extreme campaigners from both sides - both Yes and No - but none of them should be allowed to employ such aggressive tactics to deter opposing votes. 
It's pathetic.
Add these pictures to the rest of the evidence stacking up against the minority of trouble makers. Either the peaceful Yes or No voters will be the ones that will win the vote.
 

Kids do the darnedest things..
Determined not to be left out of the referendum excitement, some clever 8-year olds set up a polling station for their friends.
I think you'll agree, the attention to detail is fantastic.
 

Outside the room door, they've printed out signs saying &quot;Polling Booth&quot; and a &quot;Closed&quot; sign for when the action is all done.. we assume that'll be before 10pm because that would be way past their bedtime! 
 

Inside the polling station a table has been set up with voting cards, complete with a home made ballot box cut from a teabag box and cello taped over and over again to maintain voter anonymity.. of course.
 

For privacy, you can disappear behind the empty wardrobe and assuming you don't wake up in Narnia, you can cast your vote without anyone peeking at your vote.
It's official. Imagination &gt; iPad. Every time.

Couldn't find a pic of this #indyref occurrence in Glasgow so here's a pic of some Cats with lightsabres pic.twitter.com/SXD9CNTk0h


A special mention to the countless millions on social media who don't live in Scotland, but recognised the magnitude of the situation.
What Scotland decides today will be felt in ripples around the world.
No matter how small, insignificant or feline-avec-lightsabres your thoughts are, thank you.
It's the thought that counts. Unless you live in Scotland.. in which case it's your vote that counts.
 

After officials arrived at&nbsp; Lennox Hall to a scene of disgraceful graffiti and intimidation, it didn't take long for people to pitch in and give the scene a fresh coat of paint.
 

I don't know about you, but I prefer the cream. Well done! Let's keep the heid, remember?
BREAKING: Police have confirmed that a 44-year-old man has been arrested over an alleged assault that occurred outside a polling station in Clydebank today.
Tempers are flaring, but let's remember that violence and intimidation are the actions of a tiny minority. 
I thought we'd just check in with our 8-year-olds who are preparing to cast their own votes in a junior referendum. 
The polling station is about to open. Exciting times!
We'll keep you updated!!
 

 

I just spoke to Ishbel Smith who's got all those eagre 8-year-old voters around to hold their own mini referendum.
Remarkably, the idea to hold it was all theirs!
The twenty pupils of Dean Park primary school in Balerno are all about to cast their votes.
Ishbel, acting as Electoral official, said: &quot;The box will be opened at 3pm and we'll be expecting a result at 3.15pm.&quot;
She added: &quot;It’s really important the kids get to do this. 
&quot;They’ll be able to tell their grandchildren about it and this fun is how they’ll remember this day.&quot;
Follow Ishbel on Twitter to find out the result.
After years of leading the Better Together campaign through good and bad times, the one with the eyebrows has cast his vote and is confident that the nation will vote to remain part of the United Kingdom tonight.

&nbsp;
- Alistair darling on the culture of intimidation

Out Sports Hotline has taken a bit of a back seat over the last few days. In its place, the Indy Hotline has risen as a way for you to get all your independence gripes off your chest. Let's take a look at what you had to say to us on the phone:
Janice Grant, from Limerigg, Stirlingshire, starts us off in good old Braveheart style.
She said: “The world over, Scotland has been known as Scotland the Brave.
“We have a reputation of fighting for the downtrodden and poor and hold their right to freedom.
“If we vote No again we will become a country of cowards and hypocrites.
“If we vote No we will never become a nation and our last chance of freedom from Tory governments and Westminster will be given away.
It’s fair to say that Eamonn Hood, from Kilbirnie, Ayrshire, couldn’t disagree more. He told us: “Independence is the worst idea and worst cause anyone has ever followed.
“The SNP and&nbsp;Alex Salmond&nbsp;are the worst thing to hit Scotland since the Highland Clearances.
“I see a Yes vote as us going into a dark tunnel to a dark future.
“I am very troubled by the prospect and would consider leaving Scotland if it happens.
“I pray to God that it’s a No vote. I believe in social equality which we can get in the UK.”
Brown’s emergence as a central figure in the No campaign also attracted contrasting views.
READ THE WHOLE STORY HERE.
 
In the case of a 'yes' vote, Dr Leah Clinics will be offering 50% off the removal of any #UnionJack tattoos made obsolete by #indyref

 
Should it be a 'no', we've seen a few 'Yes Scotland' tattoos, which we'll offer to remove for 50% off at Dr Leah clinic #indyref #Scotland

Apprentice winner Leah Totton (aka Dr Leah) is flexing her right to impartiality by offering 50 per cent off tattoo removals in the event of each outcome.
I have to say, that's the most democratic indyref tweet I've seen since Simon Pegg said over-eagre Yes supporters have already uncoupled Scotland from the North of England.

Now you see it, now you don't, Part 2 -- another wall of same polling station, before and after repainting. #indyref pic.twitter.com/F1IXXrkNKn


Another example of how intimidating graffiti has been covered up. Police have been issued to many polling stations all over the country, not because trouble is predicted - just to give you all a bit of peace of mind.
Journalism lecturer Eamonn O'Neil tweeted out this picture from the media centre in Ingleston.
The mind boggles when you start to comprehend the amount of work that goes in to counting nearly 4.3 million votes.

It's fairly kicking off down at the Media Center for the Indy Ref at Ingleston.... pic.twitter.com/wMVkYLOBB6


A piper plays to a watchful crowd while fire shoots from his bagpipes. 
&nbsp;
 


You might know Mary Berry from The Great British Bake Off, but now she's got her own opinion on the Great Scottish Break Off.
Everyone who's anyone has put in their two cents in some form or another, even if they haven't out and out chose a side.
Why shouldn't Mary Berry, and Julian Felowes, have their say too?
We're about half-way through the period of eligible voting. Let's see how many of us have visited the polling stations yet:

There are some reports doing the rounds on social media that the odd polling station has closed after quickly attaining a 100 per cent turn out, but we can confirm they are untrue - Polling stations remain open so that people can hand in postal ballots.
However, the turn out is likely to be extraordinarily high - perhaps 85 per cent.
We head back to Ishbel and her 20 8-year-olds holding their own junior referendum.
The results are in..
There were 20 votes.
1 x vote was spoilt.
1 x vote was an abstention.
with only one vote.. was the YES campaign
with a HUGE 17 votes, the NO campaign stormed home with it.

Well the result is in. 20 votes, 1 abstention,1 spoil, 1 yes 17 nos. 89.47% for no. #indyref #voiceofeightyearolds pic.twitter.com/cAqWyJ7SvS


SCOTS tennis ace Andy Murray&nbsp;has been subjected to vile internet abuse after declaring his support for independence - with one vicious troll saying he wished the Wimbledon star “had been killed at Dunblane”.
Murray announced his backing for Yes on Twitter&nbsp;,saying: “No campaign negativity last few days totally swayed my view on it. Excited to see the outcome. Lets do this!”
But he was soon greeted by a barage of shocking hate-filled comments on the social media site.
 

 

Someone known as Harry S who posts on twitter as @sportingharry said: “Wish U had been killed at Dunblane you miserable anti-British hypocritical little git. Your life will be a misery from now on.”
Police Scotland Assistant Chief Constable Bernard Higgins said: &quot;People who put abuse such as this online should be utterly ashamed of themselves for making such vile, disgusting and distasteful comments.
&quot;We are monitoring social media and where appropriate will take action against those involved.
&quot;Social media is important for many people but it must be used responsibly - there is no place for personal abuse of any kind on it. &quot;
READ THE WHOLE STORY HERE.
 

It seems like we now live in two Scotlands. No matter what the outcome in tomorrow’s sleepless dawn, we will be in a divided country.
From now on we live in a Scotland where half of us thinks the state broadcaster undermines democracy, while the other half looks on bewildered by this self-fuelled paranoia. One half of Scotland believes an assertion that the UK would share our currency risks right after we walk out the door.
The other half lives in fear of falling through a trapdoor that spits us out as a washed-up Argentina. One half is happy to think there is a switch that turns off nuclear weapons and lights up nurseries.
The other half shudders at the omens a vote for nationalism would send into a 21st-century Europe that has already been down that dark alley of history.
READ TORCUIL'S WHOLE OPINION HERE.
 

Leading sports betting exchange&nbsp;Matchbook.com&nbsp;can reveal a significant movement in the odds for a YES outcome in the Scottish independence referendum.
Having been as short as 7/2&nbsp;on Monday, Matchbook now shows a best price of 5/1 on Scotland leaving the Union. A NO vote is available at 2/11.

RE: queues at polling stations after 10pm and early closure of polling stations due to 100% voting #indyref #yesscot pic.twitter.com/UoCcaAzqRv


 

Dear Scotland,
Due to the altercations and intimidation that has occurred at a number of polling stations, voting officials have decided it would make more sense to split the voters up.
Those voting Yes should continue going to the polling stations today, and those voting no should go and cast their vote on Friday.
Thanks, bye.
&nbsp;
UNTRUE!
We called your bluff, Yes supporter. EVERYONE VOTES TODAY. Good try though..
 

Today's Private Eye cover is causing a storm online.
It shows the two views of independence. It could be Heaven or it could be Hell. 
Officials at the Ordnance Survey regard an area of farmland in Lancashire's Forest of Bowland as the exact centre of England, Scotland and Wales.
But if Scotland were to leave the Union, the UK mainland's central point would switch to Walmley, near Sutton Coldfield.
Ordnance Survey experts use the &quot;gravitational&quot; method to settle on geographical centres, which calculates the point at which an area of land would balance horizontally on the head of a theoretical pin.
The method - said by experts to have been used by &quot;everyone from Captain Cook to Nasa&quot; - puts the current centre of Great Britain as a spot 7km north-west of Dunsop Bridge in Lancashire.

If Scotland bids farewell to the union, the new centre point (taking into account the Isle of Man) would be near the Oak and Ash pub on Calder Drive, Walmley.
Disregarding the Isle of Man, the new &quot;gravitational&quot; centre would be a field to the east of Walmley near the A38.
Officials at the Ordnance Survey are keen to point out that there are several other methods of establishing the centre point of the British mainland and the UK as a whole.
Rob Andrews, the mapping agency's head of media, said: &quot;This is one of the most common questions which we are asked.
&quot;The truth is that there are several ways to calculate the centre and therefore several different answers.
&quot;At Ordnance Survey we use the gravitational method. The location of Great Britain's true centre may never be entirely clear but the calculations we have made are as close as we feel we can get.&quot;
 

Over &pound;30,000 an hour has been bet on the referendum since the polls opened according to Ladbrokes.
The bookies report record-breaking business levels for a non-sporting event with the vast majority of the bets (79%) still in favour of a breakaway, forcing the 'yes' odds in slightly to 10/3 from 7/2.
No remains the odds-on favourite but eases to 2/9 from 1/5 with political punters also keen to back a turnover level of over 90% at 5/1. 
Ladbrokes will be taking bets on the outcome of the referendum and associated markets until a result is announced.&nbsp;&nbsp;Alex Donohue of Ladbrokes said: &quot;The volume of referendum bets is only getting greater as the day goes on.
As has been the case for the last few days, a 'yes' outcome is still all the rage.&quot;&nbsp;He added: 
Ladbrokes latest betting:&nbsp;Scottish independence referendum.
Yes 10/3
No 2/9
Turnout over 90% 5/1
Alex Salmond to resign within 48 hours of result 5/1
David Cameron to resign this year 4/1

Wonderful to meet this lovely lady at the polls who said, &quot;I've been waiting all my life for this!&quot; #LetsDoThis pic.twitter.com/6dOdG6179u


Like it or loathe it, the pro-independence campaign has brought out supporters in all generations.
This woman is a great example of a woman who isn't afraid to break ranks when her age demographic predominantly supports the No vote.
With a record turn out expected, let's hope we can hear many more stories like this one.
Researchers at Oxford university did a study of referendum tweets today to decipher what proportion of social media was behind a Yes vote.
Using their software, they established that 82 per cent of tweets from a sample of 40,000 shared a positive message for independence.
 

Whatever the&nbsp;result tonight, change is on the way.
A Yes vote&nbsp;will throw the rest of the UK into a full-scale constitutional crisis.
A No vote will lead to massive shift in the political landscape,
Let's take&nbsp; a look at the probable timetable of events for both outcomes.
 

10pm, tonight - Polls close after a final day of fevered and frenzied campaigning across Scotland.
2am, Friday - First result declared, in the distant Western Isles. A big win for Yes is a sign of things to come.
3am, Friday - Pro-union stronghold of Dumfries &amp; Galloway declares. A ‘Yes’ vote here means Alex Salmond is on the road to victory.
5am, Friday - Crunch moment as Glasgow and Edinburgh declare. If Scotland’s two largest cities both choose independence then the union is lost.
5.30am, Friday - David Cameron calls Alex Salmond to concede defeat.
6.15am, Friday - An ashen-faced David Cameron addresses the nation from 10 Downing Street after the final result is declared. Parliament is certain to be recalled - possibly as soon as Saturday.
6.30am, Friday - A jubilant Alex Salmond flies into Edinburgh in a helicopter from his Aberdeenshire constituency. Expect wild scenes on the streets of the capital and a call for unity among Scots from their new leader.
7am, Friday - Emergency meeting of Treasury officials in Whitehall to consider ramifications of splitting apart the nation.
8am, Friday - Stock markets open. Prices likely to tumble and shares in the pound plunge as shockwaves reverberate through the markets. Scottish ATMs have been stocked for a possible run on the banks by nervous Scots.
9am, Friday - MPs will begin to call for the Prime Minister to resign. Labour Party must decide whether to cancel or curtail their annual conference, due to get underway in Manchester in 48 hours’ time.
Saturday / Monday - Parliament will be recalled and the blame-game begins in earnest. Furious MPs of all parties will point the finger at Cameron and his inept handling of Scotland.
Tuesday 23rd - Ed Miliband due to make his leader’s speech at Labour Party conference. He is likely to call for Cameron to resign and trigger an early general resignation.
Wednesday 24th - By now, angry Tory backbenchers will be collecting signatures from party colleagues for a letter which demands Cameron resign. They need 46 to trigger a leadership contest.
Friday 25th - UKIP autumn conference begins in Doncaster. Nigel Farage certain to use his leader’s speech to call for Cameron to resign.
READ THE FULL STORY TO FIND OUT WHAT HAPPENS AFTER THAT.
 

10pm, Thursday - Polls close after a final day of fevered campaigning across Scotland.
2am, Friday - First result declared in the distant Western Isles... a big win for No will set the course for a massive night in UK politics.
4am, Friday - The pro-independence stronghold of Dundee declares. A No vote here means it’s all over and Salmond’s chance has almost certainly gone.
5am, Friday - Glasgow and Edinburgh declare support for staying part of Britain. A massive sigh of relief for Ed Miliband.
6am, Friday - A broken Alex Salmond will address the nation from his Aberdeenshire constituency. He has said he will stay on in a No vote - but the knives will be out immediately from SNP colleagues who hold him responsible for snatching defeat from the jaws of victory.
6.30am, Friday - A relieved David Cameron thanks Scottish voters for saving the union and promises Holyrood a raft of new powers in a speech from Downing Street.
8am, Friday - Stock markets open. Prices are likely to soar as fear of uncertainty in the markets disappears.
9am, Friday - The SNP will say the close-run vote shows the appetite for change in Scotland - and demands a raft of new powers from Westminster. Work begins immediately on a new devolution settlement.
October 13, 2014 - Parliament returns after the conference season. Cameron tells MPs he will keep his promise of further devolution to the Scottish Parliament. He will be met with fury from some of his own backbenchers who say Scotland has blackmailed the rest of Britain.
October 16, 2014 - Gordon Brown leads House of Commons debate setting out plans for further devolution. He promises a ‘command paper’ will be published by the end of the month.
November 2014 - Questions of devolution dominate proceedings at Westminster. Angry English and Welsh MPs demand powers for their own regions. A Scotland White Paper is published setting out in more details plans to give Holyrood new powers over tax and welfare.
January 2015 - Draft laws published offering a new settlement for Scotland.
They are likely to be denounced by the SNP as insufficient. Could Nicola Sturgeon - who might be leading the party by then - demand another vote by 2020?
May 2015 - UK general election. Current polls suggest Ed Miliband is on course for Downing Street. He is likely to promise a huge new devolution package for English cities to sit alongside the new Scottish laws.
May 2016 - Scottish Parliament elections. Nicola Sturgeon will seek re-election as First Minister, claiming Scotland has been “betrayed” by Westminster. But could she face a challenge from Scottish Labour... led by a revived Gordon Brown?
A 67 year-old woman has been arrested in connection with an alleged assault on another woman at a polling station in Glasgow.
Police Scotland said the incident happened&nbsp;at the Shettleston Community Education Centre&nbsp;in Amulree Street around 1pm.
The suspect is expected to appear before Glasgow Sheriff Court tomorrow.
This was after another man was arrested following an alleged assault outside a polling station this morning.
Police said the alleged incident happened in Faifley Road in Clydebank, West Dunbartonshire, at about 8.30am today.
A 44-year-old man was arrested in connection with that alleged assault.
 

I had it pointed out to me that by flipping today's front page of the Guardian upside down, Scotland bares an uncanny resemblance to the fictional land of Westeros - home to Game of Thrones.
Don't get me started on The Wall. Not once did Alex Salmond or Nicola Sturgeon tell us anything about wildlings or white walkers. 
 
Spot the difference: upside down Scotland and Westeros #indyref pic.twitter.com/0UYNrbbdCS


We heard earlier on how Andy Murray had backed Scottish independence. 
The Scottish tennis ace broke his silence saying he would play tennis for an independent Scotland.
Unfortunately, the former Wimbledon champion was victim to a torrent of abuse on Twitter.
READ THE WHOLE STORY HERE.
 

Today, the inside of our souvenir cover wrap is dedicated to a special RECORD VIEW. 
As Scotland stands at the crossroads of history, the Record insists it will not tell you how to vote – but whatever the outcome it will steadfastly support the settled will of the Scottish people. 
The last few paragraphs hold significant weight. They say:
The best way to hold the establishment to account is through the active involvement of us all – and not just at election times.
Yes, Scotland can have more control over its future. And it can do so without breaking the ties that bind us to the people of England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Tomorrow will be for recognising the argument has been settled, one way or another, and it is now time to unite, to heal the divisions and to build a better, fairer Scotland and a better, fairer UK.
You know where the Record stands but how you vote on this momentous day is down to you.
READ THE WHOLE RECORD VIEW HERE.
 

Robert Burns
A former council leader has been arrested in connection with an alleged assault at a polling station in Glasgow.
Marie Rimmer, 67, was held by officers after a woman was allegedly assaulted outside Shettleston Community Education Centre in Amulree Street around 1pm.
READ THE FULL STORY HERE
With less than five hours left to vote on Scottish Independence - let's see how many of us have turned out to cast our historic vote:

As Scots across the country continue to cast their vote on Scottish Independence - let's take a look back at the final passionate words of Alex Salmond and Alistair Darling after two years of campaigning..
 

 

The international media have set up camp on the steps of the Scottish Parliament.
Half a dozen scaffold towers have been erected and dozens of journalists and TV crews prepared their equipment yesterday.
Every journalist the Record spoke to believed the result will have an effect on their country.
 

Fiona Mitchell, of Irish national broadcaster RTE, said: “You can feel the excitement of everyone involved.
“The outcome could have an effect on various countries around the world and so it goes without saying that the eyes of the world are focusing on Scotland.”
Gianni Riotta, reporting for America’s Foreign Affairs magazine and Italy’s La Stampa newspaper, said their readers are interested in the knock on effects.
He said: “While a lot of people are looking at this as an issue from the past – England versus Scotland – some are worried the outcome will affect the European future like the economy, the welfare state and industrialisation.
 

“If Yes wins, or even if No wins by a narrow margin, the story as such is by no means over.”
Abed Jaber, of Arabic newspaper Asharq Al-Awsat, believes Scotland could lead the way for other small countries.
He said: “Different countries are now conducting their own affairs. I think this may be the tip of the iceberg.”
Some Yes voters question if this is a sign..

Is it a sign? #indyref pic.twitter.com/wDYoZCdUVD


Lifeboats were on standby in the Western Isles tonight after fog threatened to ground planes taking ballot boxes to the count.
Thick fog in the islands was threatening to ground tonight's count because the plane may not be able to land at Stornoway - where all the isles' votes will be gathered.
It is the only plane that is being used to carry votes in the whole of Scotland.
 

READ THE FULL STORY HERE

Loch 'Yes' Monster among those flocking to polling stations across the Lothians for #indyref http://t.co/Frq9VbCmmT pic.twitter.com/W1Xn8jDbsS


Here is John Dingwall who is in Edinburgh where the count will be taking place in just a few hours in the Highland Hall of the Royal Highland Centre, Ingliston.
 

No voters were out in force early in the day, with a later start for Yes supporters, according to researchers at a Scottish university.
Focusing on the neutral Twitter hashtag #indyref, the collaborative team at Robert Gordon University (RGU) in Aberdeen found that No voters dominated use of this hashtag in the early hours of today in relation to indications of voting intentions in the independence referendum.
 


The world's media setting up at #Holyrood #indyref pic.twitter.com/HCBoMRRFQI



200 minutes left to vote! Leave plenty of time to vote. Remember, you don't need your polling card if you can't find it #IndyRef


Three couples said “aye do” in more ways than one..
These couples cast their votes against the union before setting off to secure their own at Glasgow’s City Chambers.
Elizabeth Tervet, 34, and Peter Quinn, 45, were one happy couple to say ‘I do’ on&nbsp;the day that decided Scotland’s future.
They tied the knot in a small ceremony in front of witnesses Morven Davie, 39, and 34-year-old colleague Roddy Carmichael.
But the pair, who got engaged for only four months said they were ecstatic to be sharing their big day with the historic vote.
 

Passengers on a broken down train are believed to be considering taking taxis in a desperate bid to cast their vote.
The train travelling between Edinburgh and Inverness broke down at Dunkeld earlier this evening - and with less than two hours left to vote commuters are concerned they will miss their opportunity. 
Strangers are teaming up to share taxis from Dunkeld to Inverness. The taxis are believed to be costing around &pound;180.
Scots across the country are continuing to visit their local polling stations this evening as the countdown to 

Reports train from Edinburgh has broken down at Dunkeld - some voters considering taxi to Inverness so they can cast their vote!


As Scotland waits to discover its fate, one little Scot wasn’t waiting any longer.
Little Lewis Jack MacGrain made his arrival at 8.09am on referendum day - only an hour after the polls opened.
Proud parents Fiona and Neil,35, from Newton Mearns, near Glasgow, welcomed their baby boy into the world at Paisley’s Royal Alexandra Hospital weighing 7lb 15oz.
 

In case you missed any of the final speeches, let's take a look back..
Here's the passionate pleas from the politicians that spoke out in support of their campaign in a bid to clinch your vote in the final hours of the debate.
If you're still unsure what way to vote, then here's two videos that might help you arrive at your decision.
First up is First Minister Alex Salmond:

In David Cameron's final speech he insisted he would be &quot;utterly heartbroken&quot; if Scotland votes to leave the UK. 
The Prime Minister issued a warning that today's referendum is a &quot;once and for all&quot; decision during a last-ditch trip north to urge voters to save the union. 
Speaking in Aberdeen, Cameron warned that if Scots vote for independence it would result in a &quot;painful divorce&quot;. 
Here's the Prime Minister's final passionate plea to voters:

Looks like the Norwegians are up for Scotland becoming independent or at least the Norwegian Transport Service who posted a thistle on every ticket today in solidarity with those seeking self determination. 
Norway is the second richest country in the world with similar oil revenues to Scotland. 
On 7 June 1905, after a national referendum confirmed the people's preference for a monarchy over a republic, Norway peacefully separated from Sweden. 
First Minister, Alex Salmond, and his deputy Nicola Sturgeon both cited Norway as an example of how well Scotland could do with independence thanks not just to oil but an abundance of natural resources and a burgeoning food and drinks industry, fisheries and more. 
But the Better Together campaign placed much of their emphasis on the volatility of oil prices and that the oil might eventually run out in 30 to 50 years’ time.

The Norwegian transport service has printed a thistle onto every ticket issued today. #indyref #VoteYesScotland


John Dingwall is surrounded by international media in the Lowland Hall of the Ingliston Highland Centre with a little over an hour before polls close.
&quot;Opposite me are Italian media, a few feet away CNN are setting up.
&quot;In fact, the world’s media have all travelled to Scotland for Europe’s most exciting political event since the Berlin wall came down.
&quot;All day polling stations have been packed with voters heading to put their cross on a ballot paper that had one simple and stark question.
'Should Scotland be an independent country?
&quot;97% of the Scottish electorate have registered to vote and up to 85% are expected to vote.
&quot;That’s over 4 million people who will be the first in Scottish history to be given a democratic say over whether Scotland should be an independent country.&quot;
 

Stefano Tura, news correspondent for UK for Rai television, says that Italy has been monitoring the referendum campaign and is watching the result with interest.
The Lega Nord party, covering the northern regions of Lombardia and Veneto, are hoping for a Yes vote.
Stefano said: “It is a matter of internal discussion because we have a party, the Lega Nord, that wants independence for the north and they are supporting independence.
“Also, we have a very controversial politician Mario Borghezio, who has sent a message in gaelic in support of the Scots independence
“Robert Maroni, who was the interior minister in Berlusconi’s coalition government, is strongly supporting an independent Scotland and is hoping something like that could happen in Italy.
“Most of the rest of the Italian politicians are backing the Scotland’s No campaign.”
Follow John @johndingwall and keep up with our live blog through the night.
As voting enters its final hour across the country, postal votes have started to arrive for the big count.
In Edinburgh, the first postal votes have entered the Highland Hall - while in North Lanarkshire anticipation built as padlocked ballot boxes were seen arriving. 
In Glasgow, workers were pictured waiting for the ballot boxes to arrive at the Emirates.

An eerie silence as workers wait for the ballot boxes to arrive at Emirates Glasgow count #indyref #ReferendumLive. pic.twitter.com/1brs4WCkzq


Six stranded rail passengers have forked out &pound;160 on a taxi to get them home in time to cast their vote before polls closed at 10pm.
Anthony Standing, Ruth Oulton, Hilary Crick, Sam Brown, Sodi Kakouris and Helen Hughes jumped in the cab to hare it up the A9 to Inverness.
Their East Coast train travelling from London via Perth was delayed after a window was damaged near Dunkeld, Perthshire, just before 7pm.
But as they waited for a replacement bus to get them home, passengers began to get nervous about missing the voting deadline. 
The group – who don’t know each other – banded together to get a taxi to Inverness.
 

Anthony, 48, said: “We were all heading to outlying areas around Inverness.
“We felt we couldn’t wait any longer for a replacement bus service. Some of us hadn’t voted yet
“It’s costing about &pound;163 but we thought it was worth it. It’s a historic vote and it’s important to have our say.&quot;
When asked which way they were voting, he added: “I’d say we’re all mixed.“But we haven’t really spoke about it... we’ve been cool about that.”
GORDON Brown's barnstorming speech to save the union has now been watched 215,000 times since yesterday lunchtime.
That's pretty damn impressive for a political speech.
I was in the hall in Glasgow yesterday as he delivered it, and it was truly spine-tingling stuff from Labour's former Prime Minister. Real fire and brimstone. 
Brown has been like a man reborn these past few weeks. If Scotland votes No, he is going to come out of this campaign with a huge amount of credit. 
The speech is well worth a watch if you haven't seen it already.

John Dingwall has found this very useful video to help if you are nervous about entering the polling booth.
&quot;There's very little time left to vote so if you haven't yet, get your skates on,&quot; John said.
&quot;Be part of history by putting a simple X in your choice of whether Scotland should be an independent country.
&quot;Do not write anything else on the ballot paper or it will not count.&nbsp;Remember, you don't need to have your polling card with you to vote and you can use the pencil provided or you can also use a pen.
&quot;Check out this neat little video, which should answer any questions.
&quot;There is less than an hour before polling booths close.&nbsp;&quot;After that it is down to the count and the nation is on tenterhooks.&quot;
 &nbsp;
Western Isles MP Angus MacNeil admits he was so nervous about today that for the first time he can remember he skipped breakfast! 
 

“I was so nervous – I just couldn’t eat. But I was more confident by tea time and made up for it then, big time” he said. 
Nationalist Mr MacNeil was being followed constantly by a BBC TV crew.&nbsp;He’s sure that Yes will win the isles’ constituency vote. It would be a big surprise if they didn’t. 
The SNP hold both the Scottish parliamentary and Westminster seats.
From Mike Merritt at Western Isles count in Stornoway: The Outer Hebrides are 130 miles long and are a logistical nightmare for gathering the votes from the 47 polling stations.
Barra Lifeboat will bring the votes from Barra to the Uists, where they will join nearly 4000 others from the southern isles in being flown by a Britten Norman Islander to the central count at Stornoway – fog permitting! 
Still no definite news if plane will beat weather – but is expected to by company bosses. Fog not as bad this morning which grounded flights. 
The tellers who will count the Outer Hebrides 23,000 votes are now arriving.
The polls have closed and the turnout is high. Very high. I'm hearing it could reach 85%.
So who does that benefit?
There are two trains of thought.
The first says the Yes camp will be rubbing their hands in glee at that figure. 
Throughout the campaign Yes Scotland have focused on motivating the so-called &quot;missing million&quot; - Scots that don't tend to vote in normal elections but could be convinced to come out to support for independence.
A turnout this high suggests that drive has been successful. 
If Alex Salmond is right that the vast majority will vote Yes they could hand him victory.
On the other hand, the No camp say they are relaxed about the turnout figures.
Throughout the last few weeks of the campaign they have repeatedly referred to a &quot;silent majority&quot; for staying in the UK.
If there really is a silent majority for No, a turnout this big should have found them. 
John Dingwall is on starter’s orders as the clock chimes ten:
“Well, the polls are closed at over 5,000 polling stations are closed for the most historic vote in Scotland’s history,” John said.
“Ballot boxes are being collected by road, air and sea in order to be counted.
“The voting took place across 32 council areas of Scotland. From Aberdeen to West Lothian, with some already votes earlier by postal ballot.
“In terms of size, Glasgow with half a million people is the biggest council area.
“Next comes Edinburgh, then Fife, North and South Lanarkshire and Aberdeen.
“Some of the island councils, such as Orkney and Shetland, are the smallest.
“As such, the huge council areas could be the ones to watch overnight.
“There will be no recounts.
“The winning side needs just one more vote than the other and the decision will stand.
“Fingers crossed everybody, that it all goes well and it doesn’t come down to that single voter who couldn’t be bothered heading along to his or her polling booth.
“But in fairness, it seems like the non-voters have been fewer and further between than at any time in British political history.”

So that's that. Polls have closed. What an amazing, emotional, inspirational day of democracy this has been. Now we wait. #indyref


Kevin Maguire write for the Record: Turnout will be inspiringly high in Scotland so I've been wiling away the minutes waiting for polls to close and counting to start to look at the turnouts in recent referendums and elections to see if it'll be a record-breaking referendum.Turnout in the 1997 referendum to set up the Scottish Parliament was 60.43%, lower than the ill-fated 1979 referendum on the same issue that saw 63.72% go to the polls. The 1975 referendum on Britain's membership of the EU was 64.5%. Remember the 2011 referendum on changing the Westminster electoral system? If you can't, don't worry. Just 42.2% voted.The last General Election in 2010 saw 65.1% vote and the figure was 50% in the 2011 Scottish Parliament election.The figure to beat is the 83.9% turnout in the 1950 General Election, a post-war record. Come on Scotland!

Aaaaaaand we're off pic.twitter.com/lXbtGUEIv6


After a some two-and-a-half years of campaigning, people across Scotland have finally had their say.
The result is expected to go down to the wire, with polls in the last two weeks of the campaign suggesting the result is too close to call.
Voting opened at 7am and ended at 10pm, with the turnout expected to be one of the highest on record.
A total of 4,283,392 people were registered to vote, with 16 and 17-year-olds across the country permitted to take part in the vote for the first time.
As soon as Scotland's 2,608 polling places closed, work began to transport hundreds of ballot boxes to counting centres in each of Scotland's 32 local authorities.
The number of ballot papers in each box will be counted by a 5,767-strong counting team and the total will be reported to the chief counting officer (CCO) who will authorise the local counting officer to announce the turnout.
The papers will be sorted into Yes, No and those deemed &quot;doubtful&quot;. These will need to be judged and possibly rejected as spoiled.
The results will be declared in each individual council area, and when all the totals are in, chief counting officer Mary Pitcaithly will announce what the nation has decided at the central count centre at Royal Highland Centre outside Edinburgh.
That result is expected to be known by breakfast-time tomorrow, leaving activists on both sides of the campaign anxiously waiting on the result.
A DYING man was helped into the voting booth by his family in the hope of fulfilling his final wish to see an independent Scotland.
Great-great-granddad Peter Wardle, 87, was born in Yorkshire but has lived north of the border for 65 years.
He was recently diagnosed with terminal cancer and struggles to walk, his daughter said last night.
But he was determined to make his own way into his local polling station in Blackburn, West Lothian, to cast his vote for Yes.
 


At least no matter what Scotland decides, they are giving it 110%. #ScotlandDecides #CNN pic.twitter.com/fl9dzQlaYL


Postal vote ballot boxes have been opened in Edinburgh and are being being checked for integrity before counting. 
Counting officer Sue Bruce has just given a brief overview of the various steps John Dingwall will bear witness to overnight with approximate timings. 
5am is the current estimated time for the Edinburgh count to be announced.&nbsp;&quot;I do emphasise that these are estimates,&quot; Sue explained to the assembled media and staff at the Ingliston's Royal Highland Centre, in Edinburgh. 
 

&quot;The first ballot boxes will soon arrive from the polling stations. 
&quot;At approximately 11.15pm, staff will start to open boxes from polling stations and this is the first count verification,&quot; Sue added. 
John said: &quot;It's still the calm before the storm and it's early days - the press and media, many of them old hands at this sort of thing - know the fireworks come later once the results begin to tally up on the big screen. 
&quot;With 32 council areas counting votes from over 5,000 polling stations, it's no longer all to play for. It's a waiting game.&quot;
John Dingwall has just received this message from one voter waiting to hear the result of the referendum. 
&quot;I hope you are reporting the first faltering steps of a new nation, may the smile on your face reflect the dawn of a new day for Scotland, and may the sun shine on a Scotland that is ready to take it's rightful place on the world stage.&nbsp;&nbsp;I look forward to reading your report John.&nbsp;&nbsp;I feel like I'm 17 again and about to go on a date with a girl I have wanted to kiss for the last year.&nbsp;Hahahaha... I'm scared, hopeful, full of bravado and most of all, determined. Come what may my friend, on this day Scotland has made history.&quot; 
John said: &quot;I think he may have voted Yes. Let's see if his dream and the dream of the Yes campaign will be realised or whether we are going to forge ahead as part of a United Kingdom that will never be the same after this referendum regardless of the result.&quot;
As counting of votes began in the Scottish independence referendum, SNP deputy leader Nicola Sturgeon hailed the ballot as &quot;an amazing, emotional, inspirational day of democracy&quot;.
With turnout expected to be extremely high, Labour's leader in Scotland Johann Lamont said that voters north of the border had cast &quot;the most important votes of our lives&quot;.
The result was viewed as too close to call, and senior members of the Yes and No camps were focusing on the historic nature of the vote as they made their first comments on Twitter.
Ms Lamont said: &quot;Today the people of Scotland have cast the most important votes of our lives. Thank you to everyone who has worked for a No today.&quot;

Today the people of Scotland have cast the most important votes of our lives. Thank you to everyone who has worked for a No today. #indyref


And Ms Sturgeon tweeted: &quot;So that's that. Polls have closed. What an amazing, emotional, inspirational day of democracy this has been. Now we wait.&quot;
Blair McDougall, the Better Together campaign director, welcomed the high turnout, which was widely predicted to top the 83.9% recorded in the 1950 general election - the highest in the UK since the introduction of universal suffrage in 1918.
Mr McDougall told Sky News he believed a No vote would be revealed over the course of the night.
He said: &quot;I think there has been an extraordinary turnout tonight - near 100% turnout in some places.
&quot;I think it's great for Scottish democracy, it could be great for Scotland. I think there will be a strong No vote and I think it will mean a better future for people in Scotland.
&quot;There has been the biggest super-poll in Scottish political history today with probably the biggest turnout in recent political history.
&quot;Let's see what happens - I think we will win, I think we will win the hearts and minds of Scots when the votes are counted because we are offering what people wanted, that sense of connection but also the security of being part of something bigger.&quot;
Scottish Secretary and Lib Dem MP Alistair Carmichael says the &quot;silent majority&quot; are &quot;just as staunch in their conviction but less likely to advertise it.” 
Yes Scotland chairman Dennis Canavan says he has received &quot;good feedback&quot; and &quot;good vibes&quot;, but says the two sides are &quot;neck and neck&quot;.
  &nbsp;
ABERDEENSHIRE
They have cracked open the first ballot boxes at the AECC at the Aberdeenshire Count. 
The 70 or so boxes contain the 46,101 postal votes cast in Aberdeenshire - the fourth highest postal vote in the country. 
The overall electorate in Aberdeenshire is around 206,000 and it is thought the turnout has been over 80 percent. 
Counting officer, and chief executive of Aberdeenshire Council, Colin Mackenzie has said the fog in the north-east may delay some ballot boxes arriving at the AECC - Braemar is around a two and half hour drive away in good weather. 
 

INVERCLYDE
Ballot boxes start arriving at the Waterfront Leisure Centre, Greenock to a cheer as Invercylde looks forward to a long night ahead. 
Council sources say they are expecting a turnout of at least 80% &nbsp;in the Labour dominated area. Yes sources say they think the vote is &quot;on a knife edge&quot; in the area.
From anna burnside at Argyll and bute count
The counting officer tells us there will be 16 mini counts here this evening here apparently. 
There are details on sheets. 
Sadly no sheets in the press area, which is the equipment cupboard of a school gym. 
The tv cameras have a scaffolding platform. The rest of us are on a wooden bench.
Gary Henderson at the Clackmannanshire CountHello from the Clackmannanshire Count. 
There is a great buzz around Alloa Town Hall already as the polls have closed and voters have done all they can. 
With a strong Labour and SNP following here, Clackmannanshire is definitely one to watch throughout tonight. 
Both campaigns will be hoping for a positive result come the early hours of the morning. 
The excitement begins!
Douglas Dickie at South Lanarkshire: 
Welcome to a very hot and expectant John Wright Sports Centre in East Kilbride. Temperatures are rising and I'm not talking about between the opposing camps! Hopefully there's plenty of bottled water although we may all need something stronger by the end of the night.
A wee bit of background to the region, there's an electorate of 261,152, making it the fifth biggest count in Scotland tonight. Not quite a &quot;bellwether&quot; region but both sides know a win here would go a long way.
Officially expecting a result about 3am but everyone expects it to be earlier. Just spoke to Cambuslang SNP councillor who looked ecstatic just to be here. Says today has been a &quot;wonderful occasion&quot;
Crikey! Liberal Democrat councillor Robert Brown of the Better Together campaign tells me he's &quot;fairly relaxed&quot; about the whole thing. I think he must be the only one. He's come resplendent in suit and a pair of trainers, clearly expecting to be on his feet for a while yet. No sign of it getting any cooler here, but we have sourced some bottles of water. Sadly the Jack Daniels we requested to go with it must still be en route.
Craig Watson at Glenrothes count: 
And we’re off! The first ballots have arrived here at Fife’s brand new Michael Woods Sports Centre - and are now being processed by 180 enumerators at 36 counting tables. 
Fife’s registered electorate in this vote is 302,108 meaning that we can’t expect a declaration here until around 4am. The hunt for coffee is under way.
GLASGOW
The excitement has kicked off at the Emirates Arena in Glasgow, as the first count box arrived at 10.07pm. 
Box 403, which was filled right here in the polling station above the hall,&nbsp; was first to arrive and the ballot papers are now being counted.&nbsp; 
So it begins...
From Colin Paterson/North Lanarkshire: 
Hello from the Ravenscraig Regional Sports Centre in Motherwell where the North Lanarkshire count is taking place tonight. 
There are 266 staff running the show and the count is underway. 
The last time this place was used for counting ballot papers was for the European Parliament elections in May. 
The turnout of 28.1% was the lowest in Scotland. 
Safe to say that it's going to be VERY different on this historic night with North Lanarkshire braced for a record-breaking turnout. 
Four of us on duty here this evening covering the count as Scotland decides. 
Right now, we're away to play rock, paper, scissors to determine who is being sent on the midnight chips-and-cheese run.&nbsp; 
Maria Croce at East Dunbartonshire count: 
Counting has got underway starting with the postal votes. 
There are 60 enumerators in a sports hall counting at the Leisuredrome, Bishopbriggs. 
Boxes of votes from the polling stations have started to trickle through. 
 

Sources are expecting a very high turn out - possibly 80% to 90% of the electorate. 
In the 2010 UK Parliament elections there was a 75 per cent turn out - but the referendum is expected to top that figure. 
From Mike Merritt at Western Isles count:
The plane bringing 4000 votes from the south isles in the Outer Hebrides has beaten the fog to land at the first stage of its journey - but there was a new transport drama tonight. 
The specially chartered Britten Norman Islander has made it to Benbecula where it is later due to carry the votes from Barra, the Uists, Eriskay and Berneray - if the fog does not ground it from making the 45 minute flight to the central count at Stornoway on Lewis. 
The votes from Barra will be landed on South Uist by Barra Lifeboat and then by road to catch the plane. 
However there was an accident at Creagorry on South Uist involving a pedestrian and a vehicle which is expected to cause a traffic diversion and delay the leaving of the plane by a little extra time. 
The Western Isles Council has charted the plane at a cost of up to &pound;10,000. 
If it lands at Stornoway on time, it means the Western Isles could be the first to declare.
Scotland will remain part of the UK after the independence referendum, pollster YouGov has predicted, as it forecast the No campaign would win the crucial vote.
The polling firm predicted that 54% of people north of the border would vote No, and that 46% would back independence.
Such a result would give pro-UK campaigners a more comfortable victory than some recent polls had suggested.
YouGov contacted 1,828 people after they had voted today, as well as 800 who had voted by post
All those who took part in the research had previously been polled, allowing the company to see if there had been a last-minute swing to either side on the day.
YouGov said its responses suggested there had been a small shift from Yes to No on polling day, and also that No supporters were slightly more likely to turn out to vote.
It released its findings just 30 minutes after polling in the independence referendum closed.
SCOTS turned out in record numbers yesterday to vote in the biggest democratic event the country has ever seen.
Voter turnout was reportedly topping 90 per cent in Dundee last night.
Elsewhere the East Lothian count saw almost 80 per cent turnout, with 94 per cent of postal votes returned.
And as polls closed at 10pm, many predicted that the overall percentage would smash current records.
The highest turnout in an election since universal suffrage was granted was 83.9 per cent, in the 1950 UK general election.
A total of 4,283,392 people were registered to vote yesterday, with 97 per cent of the Scottish electorate registered to vote.
And for the first time,h 16 and 17-year-olds across the country permitted to take part in the vote.
SNP deputy leader Nicola Sturgeon wrote on Twitter: “So that’s that. Polls have closed.
“What an amazing, emotional, inspirational day of democracy this has been. Now we wait.”
 

Marie Sharp at East Lothian count:
East Lothian MP Fiona O'Donnell is excited by the turn out with one polling station reporting 92% of those registered had voted by 7pm. The postal votes had a 94% return. Fiona is delighted by the interest &quot;Everyone is talking about it, even young children! I hope this interest can be carried to the next elections&quot; she said. A total of 81,497 voters are registered in East Lothian.
Marie Sharp at East Lothian Count - Independent councillor David Berry reckons the postal votes are overwhelmingly No estimating three to one for Better Together. If he is right that is a blow to the Yes campaign as postal voters in East Lothian make up 20 per cent of the registered electorate. However Councillor Berry believes the postal voters are overwhelmingly Tory supporters. It could come down to how many people turned out on the day.
YouGov president Peter Kellner said he was 99% certain the No campaign would win the night.
He said today's polling had revealed &quot;substantially more&quot; people switched from Yes to No than the other way around.
Mr Kellner said: &quot;We reckon at the margin, the No supporters were slightly more determined in the event than the Yes supporters.
&quot;From the polling we did earlier in the week, it looked as if the No voters felt they had more to lose if they were on the losing side than the Yes supporters.
&quot;If we have got this wrong, if Yes win, we and by extension other pollsters, have got something badly wrong.
&quot;At the obvious risk of looking like a complete prat in eight hours' time, I would say it is a 99% certainty of a No victory... I can't see no losing this now.&quot;
Mr Kellner said the economy had been a key factor behind people changing their mind.
From Allan Valente at West Lothian count: 
We’ve just been informed that the ballot boxes have arrived at West Lothian College and the count is underway. My first brew has been finished as well. It won’t be the last. Here we go then!
David Love at Highland count: 
Both campaigns are in enthusiastic mood at Highland count, taking place at Ross County Football Club's stadium.
Postal vote boxes just opened and the first ballot boxes have arrived from Dingwall leisure centre.
Postal votes are over 90% returned.
Yes campaign believe postal vote will swing in their favour.
From James Burns at Angus count:
Quiet and efficient atmosphere at the Saltire Leisure Centre. 
Everyone fresh-faced and fleet-footed - coffee is a long way off for most. 
Met a local&nbsp;SNP&nbsp;councillor&nbsp;at the door&nbsp;who was bullish about prospects for Yes but then that would be par for the course. 
Glasgow count:
AS the first boxes began to arrive at the Emirates Arena in Glasgow, the 700 counting staff were primed for action.
Only a few eager hands managed to get to work on the first batch but they will all go through thousands by the end of the night and morning.
Glasgow provided 483 ballot boxes in 200 polling places. Exactly&nbsp;97.2% of Glasgow's eligible population was registered to vote, meaning&nbsp;1,188 people working at polling stations to deal with the huge number of ballot papers.
The Emirates will be served by 113 vans, dealing with hundreds of thousands of votes.
This is where the election may be won or lost.
Gary Henderson at Clackmannanshire Count:The population of Clackmannanshire is around 51,000 and 95% of those eligible to vote have registered, which is 2% below the national average. 
The young people of Clackmannanshire could be crucial. 
Youth unemployment is 29.5% here and some suggest this could benefit the Yes campaign. 
There are also 1,037 registered voters aged between 16-17, so the youth of Clackmannanshire have a lot of influence in this count.
Charlie Gall at Aberdeen count: 
That fish supper, with a battered haggis on the side, has set me up for a long night. 
The polling stations the length and breadth of the country are now closed. Let's hope everyone who wanted to vote managed to make it in time - every vote's going to count.
The Aberdeen count is being held at the city's Robert Gordon University campus at Garthdee.
More than 250 people are involved in the count. The ballot boxes are arriving from the 224 polling stations across the city which were staffed by around 600 people.
Let the historic countdown commence......
From Anna Burnside at Argyll &amp; Bute count:
The first boxes to be counted are from the areas around Lochgilphead, where the count is taking place. 
Each table is split up, with a mixture of boxes from different polling places plus some postal votes. 
Around the edge of the gym hall, beneath the basketball hoops, the benches are filling up with observers. 
So far, most of these are wearing Yes badges. More than 100 visitors' passes have been issued: there may be standing room only later on.

 