AGATHA CHRISTIE'S vintage classic may have long been a favourite among theatre-goers, but VIVIENNE AITKEN reckons the 60-year-old show could do with a few tweaks. Theatre Review: The Mousetrap, Theatre Royal, Glasgow, 15/09/14 - Daily Record IT is the longest running show in theatre history so it clearly has a magic ingredient.
But even the best tricks can get tired after more than 60 years. And The Mousetrap certainly has a whiff of stale cheese about it.
The plot itself is from the genius pen of Agatha Christie.
And, while the twists and turns are enough to keep the audience’s interest, the stuffiness does nudge the boredom reflexes.
The first half saw an abundance of over-acting. The only saving grace was that there was still an overwhelming desire to work out “whodunit”.
And while at times the acting seemed more farce than murder mystery, the air of suspense built slowly and menacingly.
By the time the curtain had fallen for the end of the first act, the ensemble seemed to settle into their roles more naturally.
Every character in the guesthouse seemed to have an air of mystery and all seemed plausible killers – except, of course, the poor unfortunate who checked out permanently by the end of act one.
Helen Clapp as guesthouse owner Mollie Ralston was particularly irritating early on but, once she calmed down on the panto-style gestures, she showed she was pretty skilled at her craft.
Michael Fenner in the role of Mr&nbsp;Paravicini was, however, a twinkly-eyed, mischievous joy.
And Anne Kavanagh captured the essence of the mean-spirited, once powerful Mrs Boyle. The Mousetrap opened in London’s West End in 1952 where it is still running but it seems a bit twee by today’s gritty murder standards.
A wee tweak here and there by a contemporary writer could do wonders without detracting from Christie’s original concept.
Purists will be aghast at such a suggestion but it could help it to appeal to a wider audience.
It seems inconceivable when millions of theatre-goers must have seen it by now that the audience couldn’t work out who actually did it.
Surely they must have realised the murderer was – oh all right, I’ll keep the secret.
 