Owners of the Dumbarton venue join forces with Marie Curie Cancer Care to raise £5000 to support families dealing with terminal illness Dumbuck House Hotel launches ambitious charity effort - Daily Record The Dumbuck House Hotel has launched an ambitious plan to raise &pound;5000 to support families coping with terminal illness in Dumbarton.
The hotel has joined forces with Marie Curie Cancer Care, the charity that provides free nursing to the terminally ill in their own homes.
Owner Petra McMillan, a patron for the charity, believes the Dumbuck House can help fund 250 hours of care for local people living with cancer and other terminal conditions.
Petra said: “The Marie Curie nursing service is a lifeline to many families which struggle to support a loved one at home at the end of life. As a family, we know what a difference a Marie Curie nurse can make and since every penny we raise will stay in this postcode area to support other families in need.”
Currently 40 Marie Curie nurses cover Glasgow and Dunbartonshire, providing hands-on care to people in the last weeks of life.
The charity is well known for its overnight service which sees a nurse care for a patient between 10pm and 7am but increasingly the service is becoming more flexible and nurses might also be able to offer support for shorter periods during the day.
Murray Easton, fundraising manager for Marie Curie, says the need for care in the Dumbarton area is greater than ever. “Last year Marie Curie helped 39,000 people with end of life care and support across the UK. We have ambitious plans help an extra 10,000 people a year in the next five years as we know there is a growing need for our care,” he said.
“We are very grateful to Petra and her family for their support and we hope the people of Dumbarton will support all the fundraising ventures at the hotel over the next year so that we might make a real difference in the community. All of the money raised through the Dumbuck House partnership will go directly towards nursing in the local area.”
The first major fundraising event is the Marie Curie Christmas fair in the Grand Hall on Saturday, November 22. Christmas crafters are already being courted to take stalls at the fair, which will include Santa, face painting, a tombola and a raffle with prizes including three festive lunches for two, two tickets to a Christmas party night and a a seven-course Hogmanay dinner for two worth almost &pound;100.
But, said Petra, this is just the beginning of partnership which she hopes will see the hotel become a hub for the charity in the Dumbarton area.
“When our family took over the hotel in May we were really saddened to know that the Dumbuck House had lost its place in the hearts of the community. We want the people of Dumbarton to understand we’re invested in the town. In supporting Marie Curie, we hope our neighbours will work us so that together we can make a real difference to families in need in Dumbarton.”
Contact annemarie@dumbuck house&shy;hotel.com or go to www.mariecurie.org.uk.
 