Partick Thistle defender Conrad Balatoni is struggling with a knock ahead of St Mirren's visit while Declan McDaid is also a fitness doubt.  Date: Friday, 19 September. Venue: Firhill Stadium, Glasgow. Kick-off: 19:45 BST.
Coverage: Listen on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW/DAB/online, live text commentary on BBC Sport website.
 Partick Thistle defender Conrad Balatoni is struggling with a knock ahead of St Mirren's visit while Declan McDaid is also a fitness doubt. 
 Midfielders Gary Fraser (knee injury) and Sean Welsh (groin problem) are long-term absentees. 
 Captain Steven Thompson will again be missing for the Buddies as he prepares for surgery and up to 12 weeks out. 
 The Paisley side are still looking for their first Premiership points of the season after five straight defeats. 
  Partick Thistle defender Jordan McMillan:  &quot;It's so early in the season, I'm sure that's why teams round the bottom will not be panicking. It happens, a couple of teams have had a change of manager. 
 &quot;I don't know how many changes they have had but when you go through a lot of changes it can go one way or another. We only had two or three changes and we knew most of the boys coming in as well. 
 &quot;It was the nucleus of last season's team and that has helped us. 
 &quot;We are ticking the right boxes but we are not flying yet. We beat the team that were top of the league [last week's 3-1 defeat of Inverness], albeit we are not playing where we want to be at. 
 &quot;But we are getting there slowly but surely.&quot; 
  St Mirren midfielder Isaac Osbourne:  &quot;I think they're a very good team. I thought they were a very good team last year but they are much-improved this year. 
 &quot;They have signed some really good players and the players that were there last year gained some good experience, so it's going to be a very tough game. 
 &quot;I'm in touch with a few of them, Sean Welsh and I spoke to Christie Elliott the other day, and I was speaking to the manager in the summer. 
 &quot;They are a good group of boys and it's going to be nice to bump heads with them. 
 &quot;If I'm playing I will be putting some challenges in and I think one or two of them know that.&quot; 
 