Celtic manager Ronny Deila hailed the performance of goalkeeper Craig Gordon in the 2-2 draw with Red Bull Salzburg. Salzburg 2-2 Celtic: Craig Gordon and result please Ronny Deila  Celtic manager Ronny Deila hailed the performance of goalkeeper Craig Gordon in the 2-2 draw with Red Bull Salzburg. 
 The 31-year-old Scotland international made important saves as the Scottish champions opened their Europa League Group D campaign with a draw. 
 &quot;He has been good all season, but he is progressing all the time and getting better and better,&quot; said Deila, 38. 
 &quot;He is a top professional, fantastic man and I am so glad to have him in the group.&quot; 
 Gordon, who spent two years on the sidelines recovering from knee injuries after leaving Sunderland in 2012, joined Celtic in the summer and became first-choice keeper following Fraser Forster's &pound;10m move to Southampton. 
 &quot;I had only seen him on television, playing for Sunderland,&quot; explained Deila. &quot;I didn't know him, but [goalkeeping coach] Stevie Woods said he was ready and he is fit now and he will come to the level he was at. They have done well to get back again. 
 &quot;Fraser was fantastic, but now we have a good goalkeeper. He is very good professional, very calm and so far he has been fantastic.&quot; 
 Wakaso Mubarak opened the scoring on his Celtic debut in Austria, only for Brazilian Alan's deflected shot to level the match at half-time. 
 Another deflected strike, this time from Celtic captain Scott Brown, turned the game in the visitors' favour again before Jonathan Soriano's impressive free-kick secured a draw for Salzburg. 
 &quot;It was a good result. They are a good team and were difficult to play against. They played with high intensity and have very fit and quick players,&quot; said Deila. 
 &quot;I think we played much better as a team today. But it was important to get the point. Before the game, we spoke about getting something from it. 
 &quot;We are lasting the distance better, over 90 minutes. We need to be quicker with passing, but with the team spirit we have, we will get points and I am satisfied with that. 
 &quot;But I think they deserved to get the goal in the end. They had some chances and we had a fantastic goalkeeper. 
 &quot;Yes, we were 2-1 up, but their free-kick was fantastic. 
 &quot;But I am pleased with the point and happy with the performance. 
 &quot;We are progressing, but there is a lot of work to be ever better.&quot; 
 Celtic next host Dinamo Zagreb, who thumped Astra Ploiesti of Romania 5-1 in their Group D opener in Croatia. 
 