AFTER a historic 24 hours for Scotland, 55 per cent of the nation voted to remain in the United Kingdom with a view to benefiting from new devolved powers promised by Westminster. Join us for the latest news and reaction to the No vote. Independence referendum LIVE: News and reaction as Scotland votes No - Daily Record  The video below is LIVE - click to play. 
  &nbsp; 
 
See all the results as they arrive from around the country in our live voting map
Former council leader arrested after woman is allegedly assaulted outside polling station
Vicious Internet troll tells Andy Murray he wishes star 'had been killed at Dunblane' after tennis ace tweets support for Yes vote
Find out what happens if Scotland votes NO to independence - and what if it's YES
The timeline for the Scottish independence referendum
Labour leader Ed Miliband has insisted his party can now carry the aspirations of Yes voters, but did not spell out how.
 

He insisted there will be more powers for Holyrood during a victory speech in Glasgow, a city where 53 per cent of people voted for independence.
Miliband said: &quot;To all of the people who voted Yes - this Labour party is determined to show over the coming years that we can be the vehicle for your hopes, dreams, your aspirations, for a better life for you, a better life for Scotland and a better life for the whole of the United Kingdom.
&quot;Whether people voted No or Yes in this referendum, let us be absolutely clear, this was a vote for change.
&quot;Change doesn't end today, change begins today.
&quot;We know our country needs to change, we know it needs to change in the way it is governed, and we know it needs to change in who it is governed for.
&quot;We will deliver on stronger powers for a stronger Scottish Parliament, a stronger Scotland.&quot;I know all party leaders will meet their commitments to deliver on that promise.&quot;
Miliband has already made a vow to the Daily Record, backed by David Cameron and Nick Clegg, to ensure extensive new powers for Scotland.
READ MORE ON HOW ED MILIBAND TOLD SCOTS THAT 'CHANGE BEGINS TODAY'
The Labour leader suggested the referendum decision has already sent reverberations around the UK.
Miliband said: &quot;Devolution is not just a good idea for Scotland and Wales, it is a good idea or England.
&quot;We must meet the thirst for change in the whole of our country in who it works for.&quot;
He said people had told him that aspirations are not just focused on constitutional change.
He added: &quot;They were telling us that our country only works for a tiny elite few at the top.&quot;This Labour party knows that must change and we will change it.&quot;
Scottish Labour leader Johann Lamont has already put forward limited proposals to improve Holyrood.
But when asked if the referendum result leaves them obsolete, she said: &quot;No, not at all.
&quot;There are very strong themes on taxation, on welfare - we'd never have the bedroom tax again under our proposals - and more powers for the cities.&quot;
She suggested the city voted Yes to get rid of the Tory government in Westminster.Lamont added: &quot;The argument in Glasgow was framed as being about getting rid of the Tories.
&quot;Well, we'll get rid of the Tories next May.&quot;
 

Charity bosses say they want a “referendum legacy” to transform Glasgow in the wake of tomorrow’s vote.
Third sector organisations and public bodies say no matter the outcome of the ballot, the power to change our country for the better lies with every citizen today.
With 97 per cent of the adult population registered to vote – the largest electorate Scotland has ever known – and both campaigns having enjoyed public participation far beyond that of a normal election, it is hoped this engagement can be turned in to a force for civic good.
Bob, whose group links volunteers with charities in the city, said: “This has been a momentous year for Scotland.
“We’ve had a Commonwealth Games, we’ve got a Ryder Cup and we have a huge event this week.
“But regardless of people’s allegiances, we’ve seen real civic engagement, people being involved in their community in a way they haven’t before.
“We’ve seen activists from both sides on the streets, volunteering to make a difference.&quot;
“The challenge for people like me is it’s about capturing that energy and people’s will to go out and make a difference to Glasgow.” 
For information about the Children’s Panel, the Children’s Hearings System, and Children’s Hearings Scotland, visit www.chscotland.gov.uk
Call Volunteer Glasgow on 0141 226 3431
READ THE FULL STORY HERE.
 

&quot;Over the last few weeks we have seen a scare and a fear of enormous proportions - not a scaremongering directed at the Scottish people but the scare and the fear at the heart of the Westminster establishment as they realise the mass movement of people that was going forward in Scotland.
&quot;Today of all days as we bring Scotland together, let us not dwell on the distance we have fallen short, let us dwell on the distance we have travelled and have confidence the movement is abroad in Scotland that will take this nation forward and we shall go forward as one nation.&quot;
READ THE FIRST MINISTER'S FULL STATEMENT HERE.
The ​Wenger Knows Best​ ​Twitter account, which apes the wise pronouncements of Arsenal manager​ Arsene Wenger​, reports​ with tongue-in-cheek​: 
&quot;The final score in Scotland was Yes 0 No 1.​
&quot;​I remain absolutely convinced it is exceptionally hard to win a referendum in a World Cup year.​&quot;​

The final score in Scotland was Yes 0 No 1. I remain absolutely convinced it is exceptionally hard to win a referendum in a World Cup year.


An earlier tweet read: &quot;Well I must say I believe the Yes vote started well in Scotland, but maybe dropped little bit politically in the second half.&quot;
&nbsp;
Not every Yes supporter was so gracious in defeat. 
Martin Compston, one of the YES camp's most tireless campaigners, did raise the point that Scottish Labour is dead.

Good luck to Alexander and Murphy chasing ministerial cars in london next UK election, lamont and co be left behind scottish labour is dead


What do you think? Where now lies the Labour heartland of Scotland? 
Will it take Gordon Brown returning to top flight politics to stop themselves from a catastrophic fall.
Danny Alexander and Jim Murphy both fought tirelessly for a No vote. Murphy campaigned on 100 streets in 100 days, campaigning his heart out. His home constituency, East Renfrewshire votes No the referendum with 41,690 votes, compared to 24,287 for Yes.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany took to Twitter with an ambiguous message to his followers.
Did he support Scottish independence? Or is he just thrilled that Scotland chose to stay with the United Kingdom?

Scotland votes No. Hard to look past those headlines. Just my opinion: would love to face some Scottish sides in the Premier League..


He also shares his opinion that it would be great to be up against some Scottish teams in the Premiership soon.. only days after Archie MacPherson and Oliver Holt both warned that a Yes vote would forever kill off the idea of the top Scottish teams moving to the Premiership.
 

Don Peebles, head of&nbsp; the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy Scotland , said: &quot; While the people of Scotland have decided to stay as part of the UK, they have also voted for a massive change to the constitutional settlement.
&quot;The exact nature of that change has yet to fully emerge. CIPFA is ready to lend its expertise and take a leadership role in ensuring that the new public financial management system is fit for purpose for a modern Scotland.
“As new powers over taxation and spending are given to Scotland it must be acknowledged that neither the Scottish nor UK Government has a true picture of the financial situation of Scotland or a clear idea of what assets or liabilities it holds.
“It is important that the opportunity is taken to modernise the current financial management system.
“This hard reality must now focus the minds of all involved to build a concise and much needed picture of Scotland’s true financial position if it is to successfully manage its new powers within the United Kingdom.
“If we are to find a constructive way across this constitutional watershed, openness and clarity about liabilities and assets must be at the heart of the process.&quot;
Dr Richard Dixon, director of&nbsp;Friends of the Earth Scotland,&nbsp;said:&nbsp;“The No vote means the start of a lively debate about what more powers might come to the Scottish Parliament.
&quot;Something missing from the promises so far is full control of energy policy in Scotland.&nbsp;This would greatly help us on the way to 100 per cent renewable energy.
&quot;We&nbsp;will continue to hold all our political parties to account for the environmental promises made to the Scottish people.&quot;
He said Friends of the Earth Scotland had taken a neutral position in the referendum debate - and pledged to continue to work to protect the Scottish environment and fight for climate justice regardless of the outcome.
He said: “The Scottish Government should redouble its effort at the UK and EU level to encourage far greater action on climate.
 

&quot;The UK Government must play a leading role in producing a just and ambitious international agreement on tackling climate change beginning next week with Ban Ki-Moon summit in New York, including promoting Scotland’s good example on climate and renewable energy targets.”
And he added: “There has been much said about oil in the last few weeks of the referendum debate but little mention of the most important point, which is that we can’t possibly afford to burn it all.
&quot;Climate science and justice demands that much of the oil left in the North Sea will have to stay where it is or be used in ways that don’t release the carbon it contains.
&quot;Scotland needs a mature discussion of what being serious about climate change means for an oil producing country.&quot;
Respected political magazine the New Statesman said Labour long believed the independence referendum would never happen.
But the SNP's landslide victory in 2011 changed everything and “exposed the enfeebled and hollowed-out state of the Scottish Labour Party in a country it once dominated”.
An editorial in the magazine continued: “Having won nearly a million constituency votes in the first devolved election in 1999, Labour achieved just 630,000 in 2011.
“Its local branches have the lowest membership of any outside of southern England and it now holds fewer council seats than the SNP.
“In addition, many intellectuals, writers and artists in Scotland have long since given up on Labour.
“These people matter because they help to create a climate and a culture.”
In contrast, it noted the SNP has occupied Labour's social-democratic territory.
 

According to the New Statesman: “As the frontiers of the welfare state have been rolled back in England, Alex Salmond has rolled them forward in Scotland.
“Since taking office, his government has scrapped National Health Service prescription charges, abolished university tuition fees and introduced free social care for the elderly.
“When the Scottish Labour leader, Johann Lamont, denounced this settlement as fiscally unsustainable and declared that Scotland could not be 'the only something-for-nothing country in the world', she misjudged the national mood.”
The magazine said Scottish Labour struggled to win over disillusioned voters and failed to put forward an attractive alternative to the status quo, until a “desperate late scramble” led by Gordon Brown.
The also New Statesman praised the “quietly effective” shadow foreign secretary Douglas Alexander and shadow international development secretary Jim Murphy for his “100 Towns in 100 Days” speaking tour.
It added: “In an age when stage-managed appearances drain mainstream politicians of all authenticity, Mr Murphy’s unrelenting defence of the Union from a platform made of two Irn-Bru crates was proof of the virtues of traditional campaigning.
Actor Brian Cox is another Yes campaigner that's feeling disappointed this morning on Good Morning Britain. 
He said: &quot;I was a wee bit cheesed off this morning. But I'm very proud of Scotland. It is a triumph for social democracy.&quot;
Seven years ago, the Braveheart actor had no intentions of leading the charge in rallying support for a Scottish breakaway.
But two years ago he joined Alex Salmond on stage to push for a Yes vote.
Cox said: “Scotland has earned the right to its own nation status.”
 
I think Jonathan Ross has a bit of the old morbid curiosity on Twitter this morning. It's likely a vast majority of No voters had a similar thought. Unfortunately, we have no crystal balls here in Scotland.. 

I'm delighted Scotland is staying with the rest of us, though part of me REALLY wanted to see what was going to happen if they left.


 

Nigel Farage&nbsp;​has called for&nbsp;Scot​s​&nbsp;MPs&nbsp;​to&nbsp;give up their right to debate or vote on devolved English issues in Westminster.
The&nbsp;​UKIP&nbsp;leader&nbsp;​says he'll&nbsp;write to the 59 Scot​s&nbsp;MPs today to ask them to commit to ending their involvement in England-only policies.
He&nbsp;told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: “I think Cameron and Miliband were so lacklustre in the early part of this referendum campaign that they panicked and they made a series of promises on behalf of the English - one, to devolve more powers, but secondly they made a promise to maintain the Barnett Formula whereby the UK taxpayer spends &pound;1,600 more on every Scot than on every English person.
“So, it’s quite interesting to see Mr Cameron today on the steps of Downing Street relieved that he didn’t manage to lose the union but now panicked by the English question.
“I think that short-term, as far as English voters are concerned, I’m going to write today to all 59 Scottish MPs and I’m going to say to them in the spirit of finding a fair settlement for the United Kingdom, will you please commit from today not to take part in debates or votes in Westminster on English devolved issues.
“Longer-term, and I think all the constitutional experts talking on your show say, this stuff is complicated, getting this right matters as it will be for many, many decades to come and I really do think now we absolutely need to have a constitutional convention to talk about how we create a fair, federal United Kingdom.
“That process is vital. All I’ve heard from Mr Cameron is that William Hague will head up some committee to discuss the English question and I simply don’t think that’s enough.” 
JK Rowling told her own Twitter followers how she was up all night watching a historic moment unfold for Scots, and for Brits.

#indyref Been up all night watching Scotland make history. A huge turnout, a peaceful democratic process: we should be proud.


She went on to retweet her 12 favourite replies. 
JK Rowling has been a prominent supporter of the Better Together campaign, causing quite a stir when she wrote an open letter backing Alistair Darling and the United Kingdom, while at the same time donating &pound;1 million to the Better Together cause.
The Harry Potter author was one of many who commented on how great a thing it was to be able to choose to break away (or not) via a ballot paper, and not through violence and killing. That in itself is historic.
 

Ed Miliband is now making a speech to congratulate Scotland for bringing the social equality debate into the spotlight.
He says he not only thinks that stronger powers for Scotland is a great idea, but more power for the people of England and Wales will stop the control of the country being in the hands of an elite few.
The last two years have been about how we're better together as a nation, but Ed Miliband now says it's about how we can change, progress and advance as one country.
He said: &quot;Let us be able to tell our children and our grandchildren that we didn't just keep our country together, but we changed it for the better.
And the next step? To show the United Kingdom how our politicians intend to change our country for the better, forever.
​ 

It's reported that some commentators in Spain have viewed Scotland's No vote in as having reduced prospects of a stronger push for a breakaway in Catalonia.. 
Which is planning a referendum of its own in November - although one that's not recognised by the Spanish government.
The people of Catalonia have voiced their support of Scottish independence with gusto towards the end of the campaign race. 
One million people in the Spanish district marched during the week in a rejuvenated campaign to break away from the rest of Spain, while Pope Francis spoke out against national division.
Deacon Blue star Ricky Ross was another star to take to Twitter. 
The singer-songwriter and broadcaster has been all over the independence campaign like white on rice, but after a tireless effort to secure more YES votes, Ricky told his followers that he wouldn't be talking any more about the referendum after a few more appearances on STV this morning.

Congrats to good friends in No campaign. On ITV AT 8:40 and STV from 9 then I promise not to do any more radio or TV about #indyref


Take Me Out entertainer Paddy McGuinness was another star who took to Twitter.
Paddy was ecstatic that Scotland chose to stay with the United Kingdom and totally backs more devolved power heading our way. 

Phew! That was close. C'mon Government, more powers now to our friends up the road. God bless Scotland!!!


British comedy has another generation to mature. 
Alan Cumming had some kind words for the pro-independence YES voters on his timeline..

My YES friends, let's turn our passion towards ensuring the Devo Max promises the Westminster establishment have made to us are delivered


Cumming has been a vibrant supporter of the YES campaign, and appeared in the Daily Record only recently promoting the independence vote.
The vows that the Daily Record managed to pull out of Westminster's political leaders will be in the forefront of every mind north AND south of the border for weeks, months and hopefully years to come.
The final count from Edinburgh:
YES - 1,617,989
NO - 2,001,926
Companies with Scottish links led the FTSE 100 Index higher as a relief rally took hold on financial markets following the rejection of independence.
Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland surged 3% while energy provider SSE, Glasgow-based engineer Weir and Standard Life were up by around 2%.
The FTSE 100 Index was 45.5 points higher at 6865 - a rise of 0.5% but short of the 100-point surge predicted earlier in the morning - as the No vote removed a long period of uncertainty for investors.
Sterling climbed by almost 1% overnight to as high as 1.65 against the US dollar as traders reacted to the first poll results showing support for the No campaign. The pound gave up some of the gains later but is still much improved on the 10-month low of just above 1.60 seen two weeks ago.

 