Celtic opened their Europa League Group D campaign by drawing with Salzburg at the Red Bull Arena.    Borges de Carvalho 36′  Soriano 78′  
  Wakaso 14′  Brown 60′  
 Celtic opened their Europa League Group D campaign by drawing with Salzburg at the Red Bull Arena. 
 On-loan Rubin Kazan winger Wakaso Mubarak drilled home the opener in his first Celtic appearance. 
 Brazilian Alan levelled with the aid of a deflection as the visitors were caught short in defence. 
 Ramalho Silva diverted Scott Brown's volley in for Celtic's second but a superbly struck Jonathan Soriano free-kick levelled matters once again. 
 And, with Dinamo Zagreb beating Astra Giurgiu, Celtic and Salzburg trail the Croatian side by two points after the first round of matches. 
 Wakaso had waited several weeks to make an impact with the Scottish Premiership side after manager Ronny Deila was frustrated in his attempts to have the player signed before their Champions League play-off defeat by NK Maribor. 
 The Ghana international provided a taste of what was to come when he struck low past Peter Gulacsi's goal. 
 And with his next effort the 24-year-old arrowed the ball across the goalkeeper and into the corner from Kris Commons' pass. 
 Such an early set-back was the last thing Salzburg needed after three successive domestic defeats and there was little to encourage the home fans until Ramalho got on the end of a teasing Soriano free-kick. 
 The Brazilian peeled off to the back post and rose unchallenged to send his header goalwards, Gordon getting a vital touch to knock the ball wide. 
 Celtic's early season defensive struggles - no clean sheets in their previous six games - were apparent as Jason Denayer slipped at the vital moment for Salzburg's leveller. 
 Alan was allowed to run on to Kevin Kampl's pass and though Efe Ambrose got across from the right the defender succeeded only in redirecting the eventual shot past Gordon. 
 Salzburg's confidence grew and Marcel Sabitzer fired wide before Gordon was given more work to do in the second half. 
 Alan's strike was blocked and the Scotland international produced a double save to keep out Sabitzer's shot and Alan's rebound header. 
 However, the hosts had their own defensive vulnerabilities and Stefan Scepovic had tried to take advantage with an ambitious dipping shot from wide on the right that landed just past the near post. 
 And Salzburg were slow to close down Brown when he hit the 25-yard shot that Ramalho's outstretched boot would carry into the right-hand corner of the net. 
 Again Celtic's lead did not last, however. Emilio Izaguirre fouled Sabitzer around 30 yards out and Soriano curved the ball expertly over the wall and into the top corner. 
 Near-misses at either end permeated the closing stages but neither side looked convincing in attack as the clock ran down. 
    Full Time  Match ends, FC Red Bull Salzburg 2, Celtic 2. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, FC Red Bull Salzburg 2, Celtic 2. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Celtic. Beram Kayal replaces Stefan Johansen. 
 Delay over. They are ready to continue. 
 Delay in match Stefan Johansen (Celtic) because of an injury. 
  Booking  Martin Hinteregger (FC Red Bull Salzburg) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. 
 Andr&eacute; Ramalho (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Anthony Stokes (Celtic). 
 Foul by Martin Hinteregger (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Anthony Stokes (Celtic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Alan (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Jason Denayer (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Martin Hinteregger (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Anthony Stokes (Celtic). 
 Foul by Christian Schwegler (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Anthony Stokes (Celtic) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
  Substitution  Substitution, FC Red Bull Salzburg. Peter Ankersen replaces Andreas Ulmer. 
 Attempt missed. Stefan Ilsanker (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Kevin Kampl. 
 Attempt missed. Christian Schwegler (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from more than 35 yards misses to the right. 
  Goal!  Goal! FC Red Bull Salzburg 2, Celtic 2. Jonatan Soriano (FC Red Bull Salzburg) from a free kick with a right footed shot to the top right corner. 
 Marcel Sabitzer (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Emilio Izaguirre (Celtic). 
 Attempt blocked. Callum McGregor (Celtic) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Mubarak Wakaso. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Celtic. Aleksandar Tonev replaces Kris Commons. 
 Attempt blocked. Scott Brown (Celtic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Kris Commons. 
 Attempt saved. Jonatan Soriano (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Marcel Sabitzer (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Emilio Izaguirre (Celtic). 
 Christian Schwegler (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Mubarak Wakaso (Celtic). 
 Stefan Ilsanker (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Stefan Johansen (Celtic). 
 Alan (FC Red Bull Salzburg) hits the left post with a right footed shot from the centre of the box. Assisted by Jonatan Soriano. 
 Delay over. They are ready to continue. 
 Delay in match Mubarak Wakaso (Celtic) because of an injury. 
 Attempt blocked. Marcel Sabitzer (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Kevin Kampl. 
 Attempt blocked. Alan (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Andreas Ulmer. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Celtic. Anthony Stokes replaces Stefan Scepovic. 
 Martin Hinteregger (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Callum McGregor (Celtic). 
 Corner, FC Red Bull Salzburg. Conceded by Efe Ambrose. 
  Goal!  Goal! FC Red Bull Salzburg 1, Celtic 2. Scott Brown (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. 
 Corner, Celtic. Conceded by Andr&eacute; Ramalho. 
 Foul by Stefan Ilsanker (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Scott Brown (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Stefan Ilsanker (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Scott Brown (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, FC Red Bull Salzburg. Conceded by Craig Gordon. 
 Attempt saved. Alan (FC Red Bull Salzburg) header from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Marcel Sabitzer. 
 Attempt saved. Marcel Sabitzer (FC Red Bull Salzburg) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Andreas Ulmer. 
 Offside, Celtic. Virgil van Dijk tries a through ball, but Stefan Scepovic is caught offside. 
 Foul by Martin Hinteregger (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Kris Commons (Celtic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Stefan Scepovic (Celtic) right footed shot from long range on the right is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Kris Commons. 
 Corner, FC Red Bull Salzburg. Conceded by Craig Gordon. 
 Attempt saved. Alan (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Andreas Ulmer. 
 Foul by Andr&eacute; Ramalho (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Mubarak Wakaso (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Andreas Ulmer (FC Red Bull Salzburg) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Jonatan Soriano. 
 Offside, Celtic. Stefan Scepovic tries a through ball, but Mubarak Wakaso is caught offside. 
   Second Half begins FC Red Bull Salzburg 1, Celtic 1. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, FC Red Bull Salzburg 1, Celtic 1. 
 Foul by Christian Schwegler (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Mubarak Wakaso (Celtic) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Jonatan Soriano (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jason Denayer (Celtic). 
 Attempt missed. Marcel Sabitzer (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Kevin Kampl. 
 Offside, Celtic. Callum McGregor tries a through ball, but Stefan Scepovic is caught offside. 
 Foul by Marcel Sabitzer (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Efe Ambrose (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, FC Red Bull Salzburg. Conceded by Stefan Johansen. 
  Booking  Scott Brown (Celtic) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. 
 Christian Schwegler (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Scott Brown (Celtic). 
 Foul by Andr&eacute; Ramalho (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Stefan Scepovic (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Goal!  Goal! FC Red Bull Salzburg 1, Celtic 1. Alan (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from outside the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Kevin Kampl. 
 Foul by Alan (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Jason Denayer (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, FC Red Bull Salzburg. Conceded by Jason Denayer. 
 Andr&eacute; Ramalho (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Stefan Scepovic (Celtic). 
 Attempt missed. Martin Hinteregger (FC Red Bull Salzburg) header from very close range is just a bit too high. Assisted by Christoph Leitgeb with a cross following a corner. 
 Corner, FC Red Bull Salzburg. Conceded by Craig Gordon. 
 Attempt saved. Andr&eacute; Ramalho (FC Red Bull Salzburg) header from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Jonatan Soriano with a cross. 
 Jonatan Soriano (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Virgil van Dijk (Celtic). 
 Attempt saved. Marcel Sabitzer (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Andreas Ulmer with a headed pass. 
 Foul by Martin Hinteregger (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Efe Ambrose (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, FC Red Bull Salzburg. Conceded by Virgil van Dijk. 
 Attempt blocked. Kevin Kampl (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Jonatan Soriano. 
 Attempt missed. Kris Commons (Celtic) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Emilio Izaguirre following a set piece situation. 
 Foul by Kevin Kampl (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Stefan Johansen (Celtic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Alan (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Kevin Kampl. 
 Foul by Kevin Kampl (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Emilio Izaguirre (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Scott Brown (Celtic) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Callum McGregor. 
 Attempt saved. Jonatan Soriano (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Kevin Kampl. 
  Booking  Efe Ambrose (Celtic) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. 
 Marcel Sabitzer (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Efe Ambrose (Celtic). 
 Attempt missed. Kevin Kampl (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Christoph Leitgeb. 
 Corner, FC Red Bull Salzburg. Conceded by Callum McGregor. 
  Goal!  Goal! FC Red Bull Salzburg 0, Celtic 1. Mubarak Wakaso (Celtic) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Kris Commons. 
 Foul by Christian Schwegler (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Mubarak Wakaso (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Andreas Ulmer (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Efe Ambrose (Celtic). 
 Corner, Celtic. Conceded by Andreas Ulmer. 
 Attempt blocked. Scott Brown (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Attempt blocked. Mubarak Wakaso (Celtic) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Kris Commons. 
  Booking  Andreas Ulmer (FC Red Bull Salzburg) is shown the yellow card for hand ball. 
 Hand ball by Andreas Ulmer (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Attempt missed. Marcel Sabitzer (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Andreas Ulmer following a corner. 
 Corner, FC Red Bull Salzburg. Conceded by Jason Denayer. 
 Attempt blocked. Christoph Leitgeb (FC Red Bull Salzburg) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Andreas Ulmer. 
 Offside, Celtic. Jason Denayer tries a through ball, but Stefan Scepovic is caught offside. 
 Foul by Efe Ambrose (Celtic). 
 Alan (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jonatan Soriano (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Virgil van Dijk (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Alan (FC Red Bull Salzburg) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Scott Brown (Celtic). 
 Foul by Stefan Ilsanker (FC Red Bull Salzburg). 
 Stefan Johansen (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 