NEW Statesman magazine editor Cowley says from the beginning of the referendum campaign, Johann Lamont, the Scottish Labour leader struggled to win over disillusioned voters. Scotland votes No: Feeble Scottish Labour took voters for granted and they aren't coming back, writes Jason Cowley - Daily Record HAD Scotland voted for independence, David Cameron would have been forced to resign as the prime minister who presided over the break up of Great Britain.
Ed Miliband, the Labour leader, who struggles to connect with voters in Scotland, might well have been engulfed in the ensuing firestorm.
In the event, the British state pulled back from the brink. The 307-year old Union was not shattered. But here’s the thing: 45 per cent of Scots who voted still opted for independence.
That’s a lot of people who wanted to break from Britain. And there is no quick fix. Deep, structural forces are cleaving our United Kingdom. Scottish nationalism, the Ukip insurgency in England as well the general “stuff them”, anti-politics mood are all symptoms of the need for far-reaching economic and social change. 

The Scottish independence referendum was one that Labour long believed would never come to pass. The former cabinet minister George Robertson once confidently predicted that devolution would “kill nationalism stone dead”. In fact, quite the opposite happened.
After forming a minority government in 2007, the SNP achieved a landslide victory in 2011. That result exposed the enfeebled and hollowed-out state of the Scottish Labour Party in a country it once dominated. Having won nearly a million constituency votes in the first devolved election in 1999, Labour achieved just 630,000 in 2011. Its local branches have the lowest membership of any outside of southern England and it now holds fewer council seats than the SNP.

From the beginning of the referendum campaign, Johann Lamont, the Scottish Labour leader, and her colleagues struggled to win over disillusioned voters – until a desperate, late scramble led by Gordon Brown.
Brown’s speech in Glasgow, on the eve of the vote, was the most inspiring exposition of the values of the Union and of Britishness in recent times. He took the fight to Alex Salmond and the pro-independence movement with all the fervor of an old-time Presbyterian preacher. And people loved it.

Here was the passion and emotion absent for so long from the Better Together campaign, which was too arid and technocratic. At times, it was as if Alistair Darling was afraid even to speak the word “British”.
Alex Salmond, the First Minister, is a master politician but he is not unbeatable. His “optimism strategy” - promising that all will be for the best in the best of all possible worlds – admits no doubt. And at times his utopian promises are frankly ludicrous.
Are we seeing the beginnings of a Labour revival in Scotland? Not yet. It would have been unthinkable even five years ago for Labour to taken a beating on independence in Glasgow. And many of its traditional supporters have abandoned it for the SNP and are not coming back.

Yet Gordon Brown offered a glimpse of the way ahead. Because of his deep understanding of history and economics, he articulated the unique achievement of the Union: the creation of a multinational state in which not merely civil and political freedoms but economic and social rights are shared.
If it is to recover, Labour must once again become the party of the masses in Scotland. It needs dynamic leadership and willing campaigners and activists on the ground. It’s highly unlikely Brown could be persuaded to return to frontline politics. But perhaps Jim Murphy, whose “100 towns” speaking tour was old-fashioned street politics at its best, will pursue the next stage of his career at Holyrood?
Whoever leads the party into the 2016 Scottish election, Labour must draw inspiration from the energy, civic nationalism and creativity demonstrated by the pro-independence movement.
 