Callander has been remembering the heroic brother of a local man after he made a poignant visit to a memorial in London. Callander's tribute to hero Stan - Daily Record Duncan Strang spoke to his fellow Rotarians about his brother Stanley, a sailor in the Merchant Navy who was awarded one of its highest honours for bravery during World War II.
Duncan, who was only six years old when his brother died at the age of 18, recently visited the Merchant Navy Memorial near the Tower of London which commemorates all seamen lost during two World Wars who did not have an identified grave.
The memorial was of particular interest because it featured seamen lost from a ship Stanley served on - including his good friend and shipmate Robbie Henderson.
Duncan said: “Both Stanley and Robbie had served as cadets on the ‘Corinaldo’ which sailed out of Glasgow. It was sunk in 1942 following three separate U-boat attacks.”
According to the Lloyds List and Shipping Gazette of the time, although the ship was torpedoed and sank, the crew were able to get away in lifeboats and on rafts and were picked up shortly afterwards - with the exception of one boat of six men, including Robbie and Stanley.
It added: “This boat, badly damaged, waterlogged and unmanageable, drifted away and missed the rescuing vessel.
“The six men survived for seven days without food or water, and although land was sighted on the eighth day local currents prevented the boat from being driven inshore.
“There was no indication that assistance was coming so Cadets Henderson and Strang volunteered to swim ashore.
“Both sacrified their lives in a gallant effort to bring help to their comrades. After leaving the boat, Cadet Henderson was not seen again, and although Cadet Strang reached the shore he died soon afterwards.
“The same night two others in the boat died but the survivors were picked up two days later.”
Rotarian Boyd Scott-Brown said: “Stanley made it ashore, in Madeira, and raised the alarm resulting in some men being rescued. Sadly he died two days later and for his gallantry was awarded, posthumously, the Lloyds Medal, which is the Merchant Navy equivalent of the Victoria Cross. Stanley, who was 12 years Duncan’s senior, was buried in Madeira.
“By an amazing coincidence, I served as a cadet on the first sailing of the new Corinaldo in 1949.”
Ken Roberts proposed the vote of thanks, reflecting the admiration of his fellow Rotarians for the heroism of Duncan’s brother Stanley.
 