SIX people were arrested following ugly scenes in Glasgow city centre last night as a Union Jack waving crowd gathered at the focal point of the Yes campaign. Scenes of violence break out in George Square in wake of No vote as Unionists demonstrate against independence - Daily Record 
SIX people have been arrested after trouble flared in Glasgow city centre following the&nbsp; independence referendum result.
Crowds gathered in George Square as police separated rival supporters of the union and independence.
Earlier in the evening, hundreds of people had crowded into the square, with union supporters and rivals sporting Yes badges arguing over the referendum result, while a chorus of Rule Britannia was countered by the Scottish anthem, Flower of Scotland.
  &nbsp;
While social media reports indicated that trouble continued into the early hours of the morning, a Police Scotland spokesman said groups had dwindled to sets of two and three people by around 1am.
He said: &quot;Six people have been arrested so far in relation to the incident in George Square. Retrospective inquiries will be carried out which may lead to further arrests.&quot;
BBC journalist Andrew Neil used Twitter to criticise people he said were posting images from the London riots in a bid to pass them off as Glasgow.
&quot;Some dishonest numpties using pics from Tottenham riots to claim this is Glasgow tonight. Yes and No should unite to condemn,&quot; he wrote.
Channel Four reporter Alex Thomson described the scene as pro-Union supporters made their voices heard.
&quot;Chants of 'Ten German Bombers', 'Rule Britannia' and 'God Save The Queen' (the latter with what many would interpret as a Nazi-style salute) rang out to the utter bemusement of onlookers.&quot;

Earlier police officers, some mounted on horses, lined up to divide the groups.
A number of people draped in union flags left the area and began spreading on to the nearby streets, with many marching down St Vincent Place as police followed.
They later gathered in George Square again, this time at the top of the square next to Queen Street Station singing Rule Britannia and a flare was let off.
Police formed a human barrier to block off the route to Buchanan Street and contain people in the square.
Roads around the square, which had had hosted pro-independence parties in the days before the referendum, were closed as police dealt with the incident.
Elsewhere police said they were investigating a fire at an electrical substation in the city.
A Police Scotland spokesman said: &quot;Officers are still investigating the cause.&quot;
Jonathan Coates, assistant sports editor at the Herald newspaper, posted a picture of the blaze on Twitter.
It was understood to be at the rear of the Herald office, but Mr Coates warned people speculating on the cause of the fire not to assume it was started by vandals targeting the paper for coming out in favour of Scottish independence.
&quot;Don't jump to conclusions based on the picture I tweeted: no reason to suspect The Herald Group targeted by these vandals,&quot; he tweeted.
 