Match report to follow.    Trouten 49′  Masson 59′  
  McLaughlin 53′ (pen), 86′ (pen)  Beattie 73′, 90′  
Date: Saturday, 20 September. Venue: Glebe Park, Brechin. Kick-off: 15:00 BST.
Coverage: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW/DAB/online &amp; BBC Sport website.
    Full Time  Match ends, Brechin City 2, Ayr United 4. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Brechin City 2, Ayr United 4. 
 Foul by Ryan Ferguson (Brechin City). 
 Dale Shirkie (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Brechin City 2, Ayr United 4. Craig Beattie (Ayr United) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Nicky Devlin. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Michael Donald. 
  Booking  Jamie McCormack (Brechin City) is shown the yellow card. 
 Penalty conceded by Jamie McCormack (Brechin City) with a hand ball in the penalty area. 
  Goal!  Goal! Brechin City 2, Ayr United 3. Scott McLaughlin (Ayr United) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the top left corner. 
 Attempt missed. Michael Donald (Ayr United) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Booking  Paul Slane (Ayr United) is shown the yellow card. 
 Andy Jackson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Paul Slane (Ayr United). 
 Attempt missed. Andy Jackson (Brechin City) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Brechin City. Ryan Ferguson replaces Alan Trouten. 
 Colin Hamilton (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Paul Slane (Ayr United). 
 Attempt missed. Brian Gilmour (Ayr United) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Brechin City. Robert Thomson replaces Bobby Barr. 
 Foul by Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United). 
 Paul McLean (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Brechin City 2, Ayr United 2. Craig Beattie (Ayr United) header from very close range to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Jon Paul McGovern with a cross following a corner. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Graeme Smith. 
 Attempt saved. Paul Slane (Ayr United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. 
 Paul Slane (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Bobby Barr (Brechin City). 
 Attempt blocked. Craig Beattie (Ayr United) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. 
 Attempt missed. Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United) header from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the right following a corner. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Alan Trouten. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Ayr United. Craig Beattie replaces Martyn Campbell. 
 Attempt saved. Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
  Dismissal  Second yellow card to Greg Cameron (Brechin City). 
 Foul by Greg Cameron (Brechin City). 
 Dale Shirkie (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Brechin City 2, Ayr United 1. Jamie Masson (Brechin City) right footed shot from outside the box to the top right corner. Assisted by Bobby Barr. 
 Attempt saved. Colin Hamilton (Brechin City) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by David Hutton. 
 Attempt saved. Alan Trouten (Brechin City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Peter Murphy. 
 Attempt blocked. Bobby Barr (Brechin City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Foul by Jamie Masson (Brechin City). 
 Brian Gilmour (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Brechin City 1, Ayr United 1. Scott McLaughlin (Ayr United) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the bottom left corner. 
  Booking  Greg Cameron (Brechin City) is shown the yellow card. 
 Penalty conceded by Jamie McCormack (Brechin City) with a hand ball in the penalty area. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Ayr United. Dale Shirkie replaces Kevin McKinlay because of an injury. 
  Goal!  Goal! Brechin City 1, Ayr United 0. Alan Trouten (Brechin City) right footed shot from very close range to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Bobby Barr. 
 Attempt missed. Andy Jackson (Brechin City) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the left. 
   Second Half begins Brechin City 0, Ayr United 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Brechin City 0, Ayr United 0. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Kevin McKinlay. 
 Attempt missed. Craig Molloy (Brechin City) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Foul by Bobby Barr (Brechin City). 
 Kevin McKinlay (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Booking  Andy Jackson (Brechin City) is shown the yellow card. 
 Paul McLean (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United). 
 Attempt saved. Bobby Barr (Brechin City) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt missed. Nicky Devlin (Ayr United) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Foul by Paul McLean (Brechin City). 
 Martyn Campbell (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Alan Trouten (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Scott McLaughlin (Ayr United). 
 Attempt missed. Bobby Barr (Brechin City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Bobby Barr (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Peter Murphy (Ayr United). 
 Foul by Paul Slane (Ayr United). 
 Jamie Masson (Brechin City) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Martyn Campbell (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Andy Jackson (Brechin City). 
 Attempt missed. Brian Gilmour (Ayr United) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
  Booking  Paul McLean (Brechin City) is shown the yellow card. 
 Michael Donald (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Paul McLean (Brechin City). 
 Attempt missed. Jon Paul McGovern (Ayr United) right footed shot from more than 35 yards is too high from a direct free kick. 
 Michael Donald (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Craig Molloy (Brechin City). 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Graeme Smith. 
 Attempt saved. Kevin McKinlay (Ayr United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Darren McCormack. 
 Michael Donald (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jamie Masson (Brechin City). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Ayr United. Paul Slane replaces Alan Forrest because of an injury. 
 Attempt missed. Alan Trouten (Brechin City) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt saved. Alan Trouten (Brechin City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Martyn Campbell (Ayr United). 
 Paul McLean (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Greg Cameron. 
 Attempt missed. Kevin McKinlay (Ayr United) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Andy Jackson (Brechin City) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Foul by Brian Gilmour (Ayr United). 
 Andy Jackson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Brian Gilmour (Ayr United) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 Match report to follow. 
 