GARY samples Ka Ka Lok's cuisine and says the quality Chinese restaurant offers adventurous, authentic dishes and top service with incredible value for money. Gary Ralston's restaurant review: Ka Ka Lok, 175 St Georges Street, Glasgow - Daily Record IT'S a brave Chinese restaurant that opens its doors 200 metres from the statue of a dragon being slain by St George.
The poor creature has been lying cowed in concrete at the bottom of Maryhill Road, Glasgow, for a quarter of a century, its fiery breath long since extinguished.
Maybe that last half in The Viking wasn’t such a good idea after all.
The Chinese have never been shy about having a punt – Sunshine has taken 5-1 at Coral’s on Sweetie eventually falling pregnant – and they’ve backed another winner with Ka Ka Lok.
The Duke of Edinburgh might disagree but if there’s one thing that guarantees customer satisfaction on arrival at a Chinese restaurant it’s the presence of Chinese diners.
Check more culinary delights in our food section
We sauntered into Ka Ka Lok at Saturday teatime and it was like a festival of the Far East with easy gatherings of families and friends, their roots clearly closer to Beijing than Bellshill.
Talk about a result – and the winners kept arriving with a free basket of prawn crackers, a pot of tea and two menus from which to choose.
China may be communist but there’s a wonderful democracy to Ka Ka Lok, with the menus for European and Asian palates both willingly provided and explained.
The English menu features old favourites, such as kung po, sweet and sour, satay, black bean and Szechuan styles of cooking.
The Chinese options are much more adventurous – and spicy – with red chillies a strong feature and enticing dishes with names such as shredded chicken with jelly fish, three stuffed treasures and braised lamb with beancurd sticks.
Study the menus but not the surroundings – it’s astonishing to think the Chinese can build a Great Wall and yet struggle to glue a piece of skirting board all the way around a 20-metre-square restaurant.
The owners may be rotten with a paint brush but they certainly know how to handle a wok and while the surroundings may be a little shabby, the food really is anything but.
The service is also spot on.
The waiting staff in Chinese restaurants can often give off a sullen vibe but are almost always on the ball. Our server was in a different class and he took the time to answer all our questions about the various dishes with good-humoured grace.
Ka Ka Lok does not have a drinks licence but diners are encouraged to bring their own bottles and there isn’t even a corkage charge, which adds further to its value.
My mucker Mark has previous on the Maryhill Road, as he once interviewed Brad Pitt, who told him how he ended up there with a girl in the early hours, eating chicken soup at midnight in her mum’s kitchen after a night out in Glasgow.
That story is true, although another pal, not of this parish, once submitted an expenses claim for a Chinese meal with former Rangers boss Dick Advocaat after an Old Firm game.
Not unreasonably, his editor threw the itemised bill for &pound;14.70 back across the table, refusing to believe the little Dutchman had been in the Canton Express on Sauchiehall Street at 3.28am on a Sunday morning.
Anyway, Brad should have wandered around the corner from his temporary billet when he had the chance and tried our starters of pork dumplings and soft shell crab because they were fabulous.
 

Half a dozen of the dumplings with a side order of soy sauce were light and full of flavour and, amazingly, the crab could be eaten shell and all, with little more than a delicate crunch.
We stuck to the Chinese menu for main courses.
My bubbling clay pot of seafood and tofu was stuffed with chunks of prawns and fish in a steaming broth of vegetables.
Mark went for frogs’ legs, just for the hell of it, because they’re as much a delicacy in Shanghai as on the Champs Elys&eacute;es.
They resemble skinny chicken legs in taste and texture and he reckoned it was well worth picking between the bones for the meat.
By this stage, we were wielding our chopsticks like two symphony conductors, swooping and stabbing across the table at each other’s dishes, which were both complemented by bowls of boiled and fried rice.
We passed on desserts – banana and pineapple fritters, drowned in syrup, are always far too heavy at the end of a meal, although the avocado milk shake sounded intriguing.
Instead, we settled for a couple of coffees and it was the only sour note of the entire meal, literally.
Too thick and bitter, it’s best to stick with the freebie tea.
Still, they were forgiven for that little slip-up because at just &pound;42 for a meal of such high quality, this dragon still has fire in his belly.
* Please send your restaurant recommendations to g.ralston@dailyrecord.co.uk
 