Manager Tommy Craig hailed the unity at St Mirren as his side picked up their first points of the season. St Mirren: Tommy Craig praise for unity after first win  Manager Tommy Craig hailed the unity at St Mirren as his side picked up their first points of the season. 
 A stoppage-time penalty from Kenny McLean earned the Buddies a 2-1 victory over Partick Thistle at Firhill. 
 &quot;I'm delighted for the fans and the players,&quot; Craig told BBC Scotland. &quot;Tonight, they kind of merged into one. 
 &quot;The vocal support we got was quite incredible and that's what helped our lads summon up the extra energy that it was always going to take to win.&quot; 
 Thistle were the brighter side in the first half and led 1-0 at the interval thanks to a Kris Doolan header. 
 The visitors were facing a sixth consecutive league defeat but improved immensely after the break, with substitute Callum Ball sliding in a shot on the hour and McLean staying calm to convert the late spot-kick. 
 &quot;It puts paid to the innuendo that's been going on about a split in the dressing-room, which always happens in these situations,&quot; added Craig. 
 &quot;Those who came on, those who came off, the guys who didn't get on; the support for the team was remarkable. 
 &quot;If we'd picked up a point, it would have been fine, but at half-time we were saying 'we can go and win this' and the players were adamant. 
 &quot;They have come out and added another yard to their game and kept playing their football, which I was delighted about. 
 &quot;Given the situation we were in, it's a very welcome three points,&quot; 
 “I'm delighted for Tommy, I'm delighted for the fans, but more than anything I'm really delighted for our young players because Monday to Friday they are different class” 
 Player-coach Jim Goodwin was thrilled by the victory and put much of it down to the hard graft put in during training. 
 &quot;Tommy gave the boys a real lift at half time,&quot; he explained. &quot;He asked us to believe in ourselves and stick together. 
 &quot;The boys were outstanding, every one of them. Callum Ball and Thomas Reilly came on and really changed the game. The big man (Ball) held the ball up so well. 
 &quot;Now he's got that first goal, hopefully he'll score many more. 
 &quot;I'm delighted for Tommy, I'm delighted for the fans, but more than anything I'm really delighted for our young players because Monday to Friday they are different class. I don't think there's a team in the league that works harder. 
 &quot;I'm part of the management team and we fully understand the flak that's been coming our way, but we can take so many positives from tonight.&quot; 
 