Hamilton lost their place at the top of the Scottish Premiership following a sluggish stalemate with Kilmarnock.   Hamilton lost their place at the top of the Scottish Premiership following a sluggish stalemate with Kilmarnock. 
 Visiting goalkeeper Craig Samson had to keep out long range efforts from Stephen Hendrie and Tony Andreu before the interval. 
 Kilmarnock improved in the second half, with Josh Magennis heading wide. 
 Accies keeper Michael McGivern pushed away a Sammy Clingan free kick and the home keeper made a good block at the feet of Rory McKenzie. 
  More to follow.  
    Full Time  Match ends, Hamilton Academical 0, Kilmarnock 0. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Hamilton Academical 0, Kilmarnock 0. 
 Corner, Hamilton Academical. Conceded by Chris Chantler. 
 Attempt saved. Ali Crawford (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Eamonn Brophy (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ross Barbour (Kilmarnock). 
 Attempt missed. Stephen Hendrie (Hamilton Academical) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner. 
  Booking  Ziggy Gordon (Hamilton Academical) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Ziggy Gordon (Hamilton Academical). 
 Lee Miller (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Ziggy Gordon (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Lee Miller (Kilmarnock). 
 Foul by Michael Devlin (Hamilton Academical). 
 Lee Miller (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Kilmarnock. Lee Miller replaces Josh Magennis. 
 Ziggy Gordon (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock). 
 Attempt missed. Darren Lyon (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
  Booking  Rory McKenzie (Kilmarnock) is shown the yellow card. 
 Corner, Hamilton Academical. Conceded by Manuel Pascali. 
 Attempt saved. Rory McKenzie (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Daniel Redmond (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Mark Connolly (Kilmarnock). 
  Booking  Darren Lyon (Hamilton Academical) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Darren Lyon (Hamilton Academical). 
 Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Hamilton Academical. Eamonn Brophy replaces Jason Scotland. 
 (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock). 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Michael McGovern. 
 Attempt saved. Sammy Clingan (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from very close range is saved in the bottom left corner. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Kilmarnock. Alexei Eremenko replaces Robbie Muirhead. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Kilmarnock. Chris Johnston replaces Tope Obadeyi. 
 Foul by Stephen Hendrie (Hamilton Academical). 
 Rory McKenzie (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt saved. Ali Crawford (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from very close range is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Booking  Manuel Pascali (Kilmarnock) is shown the yellow card. 
 Tony Andreu (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Manuel Pascali (Kilmarnock). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Hamilton Academical. Louis Longridge replaces Dougie Imrie. 
 Attempt missed. Chris Chantler (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Stephen Hendrie. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Hamilton Academical. Darren Lyon replaces Alex Neil. 
 Foul by Ali Crawford (Hamilton Academical). 
 Sammy Clingan (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt saved. Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Tony Andreu (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jamie Hamill (Kilmarnock). 
  Booking  Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock). 
 (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Chris Chantler (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical). 
   Second Half begins Hamilton Academical 0, Kilmarnock 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Hamilton Academical 0, Kilmarnock 0. 
 Corner, Hamilton Academical. Conceded by Craig Samson. 
 Attempt saved. Ali Crawford (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock). 
 (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Hamilton Academical. Conceded by Manuel Pascali. 
 Foul by Tope Obadeyi (Kilmarnock). 
 Grant Gillespie (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Attempt saved. Tony Andreu (Hamilton Academical) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
  Booking  Alex Neil (Hamilton Academical) is shown the yellow card. 
 Attempt saved. Stephen Hendrie (Hamilton Academical) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Foul by Ross Barbour (Kilmarnock). 
 Daniel Redmond (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Sammy Clingan (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Alex Neil (Hamilton Academical). 
 Foul by Chris Chantler (Kilmarnock). 
 Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Attempt missed. Tony Andreu (Hamilton Academical) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Sammy Clingan (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box misses to the left. 
 Manuel Pascali (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Grant Gillespie (Hamilton Academical). 
 Sammy Clingan (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Daniel Redmond (Hamilton Academical). 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 