COMPANY unveils two major investment options for its Govan and Scotstoun shipyards. Plans for a £200million development at BAE Systems in Glasgow go out to tender next week - Daily Record PROPOSALS for a &pound;200million state-of-the-art facility at a BAE Systems shipyard will be put out to tender next week.
The company released details of two potential investment options for its Govan and Scotstoun shipyards in Glasgow earlier this year.
One of the options is a &pound;200million single-site strategy which involves building a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility at Scotstoun.
The second option, a &pound;100million two-site strategy, involves expanding and improving existing facilities at Govan and Scotstoun.
Planning applications have been lodged for both proposals, neither of which is expected to lead to job losses.
A BAE Systems spokeswoman said: &quot;In February we unveiled two proposals which are still under way and being progressed.
&quot;The tender for Scotstoun will be going out shortly as part of the process.&quot;
Under the first option, construction work at Scotstoun would include building a new 330m covered modern dock hall, steelwork preparation facility, steelwork fabrication facility, paint cell, supporting offices and employee welfare facilities and a quay, which would enable ship blocks and equipment to be transported by sea.
Construction under this option would be expected to begin in January and continue until 2017.
If this option were chosen there would be discussions with Clydeport and stakeholders about options for the future of the Govan yard.
Shipbuilding operations would continue there until 2018 through the aircraft carrier programme and construction of three offshore patrol vessels for the Royal Navy.
Under the second option, construction work at Govan would include extensions to the existing fabrication and main ship-build halls.
A new paint cell and outfit hall would also be constructed and the existing berth would be levelled to create a new transfer quay.
Construction work at Scotstoun would include upgrades to the dry docks and strengthening of the deep water berth to support mobile cranes.
If this option were selected, construction would be expected to begin at Govan from February until 2017, whilst work at Scotstoun would take place from 2017 to 2018.
The tender for the two-site option would be put out further down the line.
 