Newport Gwent Dragons have named on-loan centre Ben John to start Saturday's visit of Glasgow. Pro 12: NG Dragons v Glasgow Warriors (Sat) Venue: Rodney Parade Date: Saturday, 20 September Time: 14:40 BST
Coverage: Updates on BBC Radio Wales &amp; Radio Cymru; live score updates on the BBC Sport website
 Newport Gwent Dragons have named on-loan centre Ben John to start Saturday's visit of Glasgow. 
 Full-back Lee Byrne, fly-half Jason Tovey and centres Tyler Morgan and Jack Dixon are injured, prompting John's call-up and month loan. 
 Glasgow recall full-back Stuart Hogg following last weekend's 33-12 win at Cardiff Blues. 
 The visitors also field an all-new front-row of Gordon Reid, Kevin Bryce and Euan Murray. 
 Glasgow, aiming to protect a 100% record, give Niko Matawalu a start at scrum-half after his two tries from the bench last weekend. 
 Duncan Weir is given the nod at fly-half and Canadian winger DTH van der Merwe comes in for the injured Sean Lamont. 
 Byrne, Tovey, Morgan and Dixon added to Dragons' problems by being injured in their 17-15 defeat by Ospreys. 
 Newport Gwent Dragons are also without banned Wales lock Andrew Coombs. 
 Dragons have lost their opening two Pro 12 games, picking up bonus points against Ospreys and in the 16-11 loss against Connacht. 
 Wales lock Coombs, 29, was found guilty of stamping on Ospreys' lock Alun Wyn Jones. 
 In Byrne's absence, summer recruit Rynard Landman leads the hosts. 
  Glasgow head coach Gregor Townsend:  &quot;We've had two good wins this season, but we know we'll have to put in a better performance if we're to keep the momentum going. 
 &quot;The Dragons are a physical side, both in how they are set up defensively and also their desire to contest at ruck time. They also have some very good ball carriers throughout their side. 
 &quot;They were unlucky not to win both of their opening games, which were very close and we are well aware that we lost to them home and away last season, so it is a tough challenge that awaits us at Rodney Parade.&quot; 
  Dragons:  Hallam Amos, Tom Prydie, Ben John, Dorian Jones, Aled Brew, Angus O'Brien, Richie Rees; Boris Stankovich, T Rhys Thomas, Lloyd Fairbrother, Cory Hill, Rynard Landman (capt), Lewis Evans, Taulupe Faletau, Nic Cudd. 
  Replacements:  Elliot Dee, Hugh Gustafson, Dan Way, Matthew Screech, Andy Powell, Luc Jones, Ashton Hewitt, Barney Nightingale. 
  Glasgow:  Stuart Hogg, Tommy Seymour, Alex Dunbar, Peter Horne, DTH van der Merwe, Duncan Weir, Niko Matawalu, Gordon Reid, Kevin Bryce, Euan Murray, Tim Swinson, Leone Nakarawa, Rob Harley, Tyrone Holmes, Josh Strauss (capt) 
  Replacements:  Fraser Brown, Alex Allan, Rossouw de Klerk. James Eddie, Chris Fusaro, Adam Ashe, Henry Pyrgos, Lee Jones. 
  Referee:  David Wilkinson (IRFU) 
  Assistant Referees:  Neil Hennessy, Dan Jones (both WRU) 
  Citing Commissioner:  Russell Howell (WRU) 
  TMO:  Tim Hayes (WRU) 
 