  Ferguson 36′, 45′  
  McManus 25′  McBride 38′  Carreiro 68′, 76′  Murray 78′  
Date: Saturday, 20 September. Venue: Broadwood Stadium, Cumbernauld. Kick-off: 15:00 BST.
Coverage: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW/DAB/online &amp; BBC Sport website.
    Full Time  Match ends, Clyde 2, Arbroath 5. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Clyde 2, Arbroath 5. 
 Michael Daly (Clyde) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ali El-Zubaidi (Arbroath). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Arbroath. Michael Travis replaces Bobby Linn. 
 Attempt missed. Scott McBride (Arbroath) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Hand ball by Scott Durie (Clyde). 
 Attempt blocked. Bobby Linn (Arbroath) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Foul by David Marsh (Clyde). 
 Paul McManus (Arbroath) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Arbroath. Kevin Buchan replaces Simon Murray. 
 Attempt saved. Dylan Carreiro (Arbroath) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Michael Daly (Clyde) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 2, Arbroath 5. Simon Murray (Arbroath) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Dylan Carreiro. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Craig Johnstone. 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 2, Arbroath 4. Dylan Carreiro (Arbroath) right footed shot from the right side of the box to the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt missed. Simon Murray (Arbroath) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. 
 Corner, Arbroath. Conceded by Scott Durie. 
 Attempt missed. Paul McManus (Arbroath) left footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Arbroath. Conceded by David Marsh. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. Michael Daly replaces Stephen O'Donnell. 
 Foul by Scott Durie (Clyde). 
 Dylan Carreiro (Arbroath) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Corner, Arbroath. Conceded by Aidan Mcilduff. 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 2, Arbroath 3. Dylan Carreiro (Arbroath) right footed shot from outside the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Keiran Stewart. 
  Booking  David Marsh (Clyde) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by David Marsh (Clyde). 
 Paul McManus (Arbroath) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt saved. Bobby Linn (Arbroath) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt saved. Bobby Linn (Arbroath) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Dylan Carreiro (Arbroath) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. David Gray replaces Andy Gibson. 
  Booking  Scott Ferguson (Clyde) is shown the yellow card. 
 Bobby Linn (Arbroath) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Scott Ferguson (Clyde). 
 Attempt saved. Bobby Linn (Arbroath) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Craig Johnstone (Arbroath) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Andy Gibson (Clyde). 
 Attempt saved. Scott Ferguson (Clyde) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Andy Gibson (Clyde). 
 Paul McManus (Arbroath) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Arbroath. Conceded by David Marsh. 
 Corner, Arbroath. Conceded by David Marsh. 
 Corner, Arbroath. Conceded by Scott Durie. 
   Second Half begins Clyde 2, Arbroath 2. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Clyde 2, Arbroath 2. 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 2, Arbroath 2. Scott Ferguson (Clyde) from a free kick with a header to the bottom right corner. 
 Euan Smith (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Simon Murray (Arbroath). 
 Attempt missed. Bobby Linn (Arbroath) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Dylan Carreiro (Arbroath) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Scott McBride (Arbroath) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Paul McManus (Arbroath) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 1, Arbroath 2. Scott McBride (Arbroath) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top right corner. Assisted by Simon Murray. 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 1, Arbroath 1. Scott Ferguson (Clyde) right footed shot from very close range to the top left corner. 
  Booking  Kevin Nicoll (Arbroath) is shown the yellow card. 
 Scott Ferguson (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kevin Nicoll (Arbroath). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. Trialist replaces Craig McLeish. 
  Dismissal  Second yellow card to Brian McQueen (Clyde). 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Ali El-Zubaidi. 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 0, Arbroath 1. Paul McManus (Arbroath) header from more than 40 yards on the left wing to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Scott McBride. 
 Attempt missed. Paul McManus (Arbroath) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Booking  Brian McQueen (Clyde) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Brian McQueen (Clyde). 
 Keiran Stewart (Arbroath) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Kevin Nicoll. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Kevin Nicoll. 
 Scott McManus (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ali El-Zubaidi (Arbroath). 
 Attempt missed. Andy Gibson (Clyde) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Bobby Linn. 
 Foul by Bobby Linn (Arbroath). 
 Aidan Mcilduff (Clyde) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Attempt missed. Scott McBride (Arbroath) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Arbroath. Conceded by Scott Durie. 
 Corner, Arbroath. Conceded by David Marsh. 
 Foul by Aidan Mcilduff (Clyde). 
 Dylan Carreiro (Arbroath) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Andy Gibson (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Mark Whatley (Arbroath). 
 Attempt missed. Scott Ferguson (Clyde) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Mark Whatley. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 Match report to follow. 
 