POLICE chiefs are sifting through CCTV images of the ugly scenes in and around George Square on Friday night after a Union Jack waving crowd swept through the city centre. Six arrests have already been made. More arrests expected following violence in Glasgow city centre in wake of referendum vote - Daily Record POLICE investigating last night's post-referendum trouble in Glasgow city centre say they are confident of making more arrests.
 Six people were detained after a Union Jack waving crowd swept through George Square and adjacent streets late last night and early this morning.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Crowds had earlier gathered in the square as police separated rival supporters of the union and independence.
Police today confirmed an investigation into the disorder, which was witnessed across the world on television and social media, was underway. And they are confident of making more arrests.
Chief Superintendent Andy Bates, local policing commander for Greater Glasgow, said: “More than 700 people gathered in George Square last night and officers arrested six people for a number of public order offences.
“We have already secured valuable CCTV and other evidence which I am confident will lead to further arrests in the coming days.
“Don’t think that because you were not arrested by last night that you will not be caught.&nbsp; If you were involved in any criminality in the square we will identify you and you will be arrested.
&quot;I would ask that anyone who has any information that could assist us with our enquiries to contact officers via the non emergency number 101.”
 

Hundreds of people had crowded into&nbsp;George Square on Friday afternoon with union supporters and rivals sporting Yes badges arguing over the referendum result, while a chorus of Rule Britannia was countered by Flower of Scotland.
Police formed a line to keep the rival groups apart.
A group draped in union flags later left the area and began spreading on to the nearby streets, with many marching down St Vincent Place as police followed.
They later gathered in George Square again, this time at the top of the square next to Queen Street Station singing Rule Britannia and a flare was let off.
Police formed a human barrier to block off the route to Buchanan Street and contain people in the square.
Roads around the square, which had had hosted pro-independence parties in the days before the referendum, were closed as police dealt with the incident.

 