DUNDEE and Glasgow voted Yes on Thursday and Edinburgh and Aberdeen voted No, splitting Scotland's four largest populations right down the middle. Four Scottish voters explain why the independence referendum divided the country's biggest cities - Daily Record The referendum split Scotland’s four main cities.
DUNDEE and Glasgow produced results overwhelmingly in favour of independence.
In Dundee the split was 57-43 while in Glasgow, the country’s biggest city, said Yes by a margin of 53-47.
But in Aberdeen and Edinburgh it was a very different story.
In the North East Aberdeen voted No by an overwhelming 59-41 majority while in Edinburgh it was an even larger 61-39,
We spoke to four voters to explain their home town’s vote.
Scott Arthur, 45, civil engineering lecturer, Buckstone.
Like everywhere else in Scotland, the yes campaign targeted people in the poorest areas and told people there that it’s Westminster’s fault that they live in a poor area and that an independent Scotland can fix that.
Edinburgh has less deprived areas than Glasgow and Dundee, so that message wouldn’t have been as seductive to as many people here.
I also think most people here have a better understanding of the economics of how the UK works and what it will mean for them if the banks leave Scotland, how that would affect their savings and pensions.
Aside from that, Edinburgh is much more cosmopolitan than any other city in Scotland.
We have people from all over living there, from outside Scotland and from outside the UK as well.
A lot of those who have moved here from outwith the UK will have moved here to live in the UK, not necessarily Scotland.
Those who have moved from elsewhere in the UK won’t want to sever ties with their home country.
Archie Flockhart, 50, an IT consultant, Broomhill
There are more well off people in Aberdeen than in other cities in the country.
And people with more money, who have good jobs and high mortgage repayments, have more to lose when taking a risk on currency and the economy.
I think that has definitely played a part in Aberdeen because across the country, people who have more will have voted no.
Whereas, if you’re not working, or living in an area with problems such as poverty, you’re more likely to take a chance because you think it can’t get any worse.
I saw more yes posters and stickers in the less well off parts of Aberdeen where we don’t have people making money from the oil industry, but cities like Glasgow and Dundee have a lot more worse off areas than Aberdeen and that plays a role.

People who work in the oil industry were a bit worried that such a large part of the plan for independence depended on oil being a cash cow to fund the rest of the country and I think they were maybe more cynical of that.
Folk around Aberdeen are much more aware of the state of the oil industry than people in the rest of the country.
A lot didn’t believe the statistics about how much money was to come in from oil and that it would be flowing in abundance for years and years.
Not everyone here works in the industry, but those who don’t work directly in oil are still affected by it, and that’s a big issue.
Kieran Findlay, 30, journalist, Broughty Ferry
I was always a Yes voter and Dundee has long been called ‘yes city’ but even I was surprised at the level of engagement and knowledge.
For every one person I spoke to who claimed not to be interested in the vote there were four or five who were totally interested and informed.
I know there was a lot of attention on George Square in Glasgow but we had marches here too, right through the city centre.
People in Dundee could see that their vote actually counted this time.
The city was so Labour in the past and now it’s so SNP that any individual vote didn’t really matter until now.
What motivated people were things like welfare cuts and the bedroom tax, dumped onto the poor people of Dundee by an elitist government we didn’t vote for.
There are large areas of deprivation here, a few large housing schemes one of which - Whitfield - I grew up in.
My wife is a social worker who has just moved from Angus Council to Dundee and the issues she’s dealing with now are off the scale by comparison.
Those people have seen through the Tories.
They’ve been introducing penny-pinching policies and blaming the poor while avoiding the big ticket issues like tax avoidance and introducing millionaire tax cuts.
“Forty-five percent of the people voted to leave the UK. I’m proud of the part Dundee played but we have to keep going. This can’t be just a one-off thing because then it would mean nothing.
Anne Marie Smith, 45, chairty support worker, Pollok
I’m totally gutted by the result. With everything I saw on the streets and everyone I spoke to I thought there would be a Yes win.
Young people were telling me how excited they were about it.
I’ve got a 26-year-old daughter who’s got a family and she works part-time.
She was looking forward to better childcare and retraining for a full-time job.
She works for Glasgow City Council as a youth worker and she’s seen her hours continually reduced because of funding cuts.
The majority of my friends work but they’re on low income and it’s disgusting that these are the people who’re donating to the foodbanks.
We’re the working poor. David Cameron was offered money to donate to foodbanks and he knocked it back. He had no right to do that, not in anyone’s name.
We live in Johann Lamont’s constituency, the Labour leader, yet we’ve seen all our community centres go.

Those that remain charge too much to book the rooms. It’s the churches who provide the halls these days.
There’s a lack of social housing so people need to move out of the area to find a house or go to private landlords.
Labour have ripped the heart out of this community, slowly but surely chipping away at it.
They used to support the workers, now they’re forcing people into low-paid work where they need to claim tax credits instead of helping them get an education, get childcare and then get a worthwhile job.
But the generation who’ve just voted and been let down are going to keep asking questions.
They’ll change things now.
 