FIVE arrests were made yesterday adding to the six people who were lifted during Friday night's violent scenes which were beamed out across the world on TV and social media. Eleven arrests as police step up hunt for unionist thugs following shameful post-referendum scenes in Glasgow city centre - Daily Record ELEVEN people have now been arrested after a shameful rally of 700 unionist thugs in Glasgow as police vow to hunt down more.
Officers were yesterday scrutinising CCTV and social media images of the shocking scenes in George Square after trouble flared at around 9pm on Friday.
The disturbance was condemned by politicians, who said it was a disgraceful but isolated incident after a largely trouble-free referendum campaign when George Square had become a rallying point for Yes supporters.
In one incident, Union flag-waving lout Mark McGill, of Ballieston, Glasgow, is seen ripping a saltire from the hands of a young woman after she was knocked to the ground.
Internet pictures show him grinning for pictures afterwards as he is cheered by a baying mob.
In other footage, a pony-tailed woman in a red fleece can be seen hurling a bottle as police, including mounted officers, corralled the Union flag mob.
In other images the yobs set a Saltire alight while others are seen making Nazi-style salutes. Fighting broke out in the square and at the entrance of Queen Street station as rail passengers and visitors to the city ran for cover.


Nearby pubs locked in customers for their own safety and the entrance to the railway station was closed on police orders from 8pm onwards.
Six people were arrested at the time but police lifted another five yesterday after setting up a dedicated incident room and examining pictures and videos.
Chief Superintendent Andy Bates, local policing commander for Greater Glasgow, said: “More than 700 people gathered in George Square last night and officers arrested six people for a number of public order offences.
“Don’t think because you were not arrested by last night that you will not be caught. If you were involved in any criminality in the square we’ll identify you and you will be arrested.”
Police would not confirm whether McGill was one of those arrested. Speaking from the family home in Baillieston, his dad said he had not lived at the address for several years and added: “I can’t tell you where he is.”
The moment he grabbed the young woman’s flag was captured by a film maker. He said: “It was just when the police had shut Queen Street station and a group of about three of four teenagers came up with Saltires and decided they weren’t going to move.
“They sat down on the ground and literally held up the flag. A couple of guys went over and were joking around and waving the British flag in their face and then a group of about 40 or 50 surrounded them and were yelling and screaming.
 “One guy grabbed the Saltire out of the girl’s hands. It then got really heated and I got pulled back and  everybody rushed forward. 
“Thankfully, the police were there in seconds to get the girls out of there. It would have been an absolute bloodbath had the police not been there. I’ve no idea what happened to the girl but I hope she’s okay.”

He said within minutes of tweeting the shocking footage it had 75,000 retweets.
He added: “They were throwing flares and smoke bombs over the top of police and sometimes at police. Whenever a Yes supporter got anywhere near them they just got in their face.”
 Lib Dem leader Willie Rennie called Friday night’s scenes “sad” coming after “one of the greatest  democratic experiences in our history”. 
 Tory MSP Jackson Carlaw said “all of Scotland” would be dismayed by the trouble, adding: “Burning the Saltire  is alien to everything the public respected.” 
 