FORD Kiernan and Greg Hemphill say they couldn't have imagined the warmth they have received from fans as the mammoth 21-night run got underway in Glasgow this weekend. Still Game Live: Jack & Victor stars 'humbled' by public response to show's stunning return to the stage - Daily Record STILL Game stars Ford Kiernan and Greg Hemphill said yesterday the public’s response to their new stage show has left them feeling “humbled”.
The sitcom has hit the stage for an unprecedented 21-nights at the SSE Hydro – playing to more than 200,000 people.
The run kicked off on Friday. The pair, as OAPs Jack Jarvis and Victor McDade, appeared after a break of seven years and received a rapturous reception which has left both gobsmacked.
Ford said: “We could never have anticipated the warmth we received from the audience in the Hydro.
“We are totally humbled the show’s fans are still there for us.”
Greg added: “We could not have asked for a bigger welcome back.
“The cast are over the moon. We all had to be scraped off the walls.”

The stage show sees the original Craiglang cast, including Sanjeev Kohli, Gavin Mitchell, Jane McCarry, Mark Cox and Paul Riley, star in the live revival of the BBC show last seen on TV in 2007.
The giant Hydro stage set reunites them in favourite haunts including Navid’s corner shop and Jack and Victor’s flat in Osprey Heights.
The legendary Clansman Bar also features, with Boaby the barman serving Winston, Tam and Isa. Expect cameos from special guests too.
Read our review of the opening night
 Lisa McGregor, 37, Milton of Campsie 
It was great but it would have been better if there had been a Yes vote.
It helped me get over it, though. The first half was great, second half brilliant. Winston was hilarious. With repeats on TV recently, it feels like they haven’t been away.
 Paul Fulton, 21, Cumbernauld 
Amazing, top class show. It wasn’t quite as good as the original but I am very glad to see it back. Winston and Navid and all the rest of the cast are simply brilliant.
 Lorraine Corrigan, 46, Ayrshire 
Fantastic, really funny and beyond expectations. The bits with Boaby in the bar were great and it was nice to see Isa.
It really worked as a stage show, the characters brought it to life and it was great fun. Definitely recommend it. We just hope they’re back for good and not away any time soon.
 