LINDA CROKER launched Sean's Trust just weeks after her partner George Ryan died and is preparing to mark the doubly poignant anniversary. Anniversary of mum’s charity launch in memory of stillborn son is doubly poignant as it also marks a year since losing partner - Daily Record WHEN Linda Croker’s partner died suddenly just weeks before they were set to launch a charity in memory of their stillborn baby son, she bravely went ahead with their plans.
Linda said she knew her partner of more than 17 years, George Ryan, would want her to continue to launch Sean’s Trust to help other families left heartbroken by the loss of a baby.
Now, almost 12 months on, she is preparing to mark both the first anniversary of the death of George, who was a Glasgow City councillor, and the start of the trust.
Linda, 49, of Mount Vernon, Glasgow, said: “When George died, it was a huge shock and the days and weeks that followed were extremely difficult – and often still are. Part of me didn’t feel strong enough to do anything.
“But at the same time, I knew how much this charity, in our son’s name, meant to George and I knew he would want me to carry on with the work we had planned to do together.
“For George not to be there as we launched the trust was devastating but I had the rest of our family by my side.
“I know he would not have wanted anyone to miss a beat. He would only have wanted us to get on with life and with helping others in the name of the son we lost.
“What helped me get through the launch was knowing that hopefully George is up there in heaven looking after our wee boy. That thought gives me great comfort and strength.”
George and Linda lost their baby son Sean 14 years ago, after a pregnancy scan at 34 weeks revealed he had died in the womb. In the aftermath of the tragedy, the couple vowed they would do something to ensure their son’s name and memory lived on.
Linda admits it took them many years to find the strength to set up Sean’s Trust.
They planned to launch the charity together on October 23 last year. But on October 5, George suffered a fatal heart attack while driving home from a Celtic game. He died at the wheel of his car aged just 50.
Linda, who is mum to the couple’s daughter, Sophie, 12, and stepmum to George’s children, Christopher, 25, and Deborah, 22, said: “To lose George like that was just horrendous.
 

“Sophie had only recently turned 11 when her dad died and Christopher had been with him in the car. George and I always felt such a blessed couple. We used to say we couldn’t believe how happy we were together.
“When you lose your partner, you lose so much. In a way you lose your own life too, as everything changes.
“You wake up in the morning knowing something bad has happened, then you remember what it is and the sense of loss hits you all over again.
“I felt the same when we lost Sean.
“I used to wake up every morning thinking, ‘Did I have the baby?’ then ‘Did the baby die – or did I just dream that?’
“It was so, so hard but that time George and I got through it together.”
Linda fell pregnant with Sean after suffering an ectopic pregnancy, then four early miscarriages.
As a result of the losses, medics were closely monitoring her throughout her pregnancy with Sean.
And she admits she was devastated when, at 34 weeks pregnant, a scan revealed her baby had no heartbeat.
Linda said: “It was truly awful. I still had to deliver Sean naturally, so they gave me two little tablets to induce his birth but the tablets didn’t work.
“In the end I spent five days in hospital and during that time I was aware of lots of mums arriving to have their babies and then leaving with their new son or daughter in their arms.
“I was kept in the labour ward and other mums kept asking me when my baby was due and I didn’t have the heart to tell any of them that my baby had died.
“When Sean was finally born on July 3, 2000, he was a fantastic little baby.
“He had masses of dark hair, blue eyes and Cupid’s bow lips – he was almost too pretty to be a boy. A lot of what happened that day is a blur and now I don’t have George to check things with and ask – but I don’t remember getting the chance to hold him. I don’t think we did get even one little cuddle. But I do remember that he was put into a Moses basket and I do remember holding his little hand.”
 

Linda says when her son was finally taken away from her and George, she looked out of her hospital room to see lots of people who had obviously graduated that day from the university nearby.
“It suddenly struck me that our little boy was never going to have the chance to make his own mark on the world. He wasn’t going to go off to school and he would never graduate.
“No one would ever be talking about Sean Ryan and that just seemed so wrong.
“We decided then that we didn’t want his name to die with him and that we wanted to do something positive in his memory with his name attached to it.
“If he couldn’t make his mark on the world, then we would need to make it for him.”
As Linda and George attempted to come to terms with their loss, they went on holiday to America to stay with Linda’s sister.
She says getting away from it all helped them cope with their heartache.
And she says the goal of Sean’s Trust is to buy a holiday home where other families who have suffered a stillbirth can visit to help them come to terms with their devastation.
Linda said: “The taboo and misinformation surrounding stillbirth is astonishing and through Sean’s Trust we want to highlight the issues around this cruel fate. But we also hope to buy a holiday home that will provide a little respite for families bereaved through stillbirth.
“For us, getting away from it all really helped and I know many families struggle, particularly over landmark dates like perhaps the day their baby had been due to be born. So we hope this might help.”
Linda, who went on to have daughter Sophie two years after Sean’s death, said she has had wonderful help from family and friends supporting the launch of the charity.
Next month, a number of friends will join her in running the Great Scottish Run in memory of Sean and to raise both funds and awareness for the charity.
To support Linda’s fundraising efforts, visit Sean’s Trust on Facebook.
 