AFTER a long fight with scoliosis and a 69 per cent curvature of her spine, Nakisa Fouladi has been snapped up by model agencies in New York, Milan and London. Stunning Scots model a hit after spinal surgery: I'm happy to be on the catwalk but I'm happier to be walking at all - Daily Record AS SHE walks down the catwalks of London and New York fashion weeks, Nakisa Fouladi wows designers with her poise and elegance.
But none of them realise that the 20-year-old needed major surgery on her spine just to be able to walk at all.
Nakisa, of Chapelhall, near Airdrie, was spotted by the Colours model agency in Glasgow when she was still at school.
The youngster, who had always wanted a career in fashion, moved to Canada with her family in 2012 and followed her modelling dream there.
But first she had to overcome scoliosis – a painful medical condition which resulted in 69 per cent curvature of her spine.
The aspiring model couldn’t walk properly or stand straight.
She bravely underwent a gruelling 10-hour op to insert a metal rod into her spine and claims it has actually helped her catwalk career.
She said: “I didn’t think I’d ever walk normally again. After the op, it was a couple of months before I could start to walk again.
“But the whole thing has done wonders for my posture.
“A lot of models struggle with that, but I can’t have bad posture now because of the rod along my spine.
“It added 2in to my height too, so it’s been good for my career.”
 

And that career has really taken off. Nakisa is signed to six agencies across the world, including One Model Management in New York, Storm in London and Why Not in Milan.
She said: “I was supposed to go to Milan Fashion Week this week but I decided to just do New York and London this year then take a break.
“I’m really looking forward to doing Milan and Paris next year.”
In the past three weeks the young Scot has been to castings for A-list clients including Victoria Beckham, Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger and Marc Jacobs.
And she’s walked the runway for Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen’s label The Row at New York Fashion Week as well as Jasper Conran and Julien Macdonald in London.
She said: “It’s been totally crazy. I got to meet Victoria Beckham when I was casting for her in New York.
“But the highlight was definitely getting to walk for the Olsen twins. That was incredible.”
Her proud mum Sharon Higgins, 44, said last night: “Nakisa has always wanted to be a model but it has all happened so fast.
“I never thought she would get this far. I thought the scoliosis would hold her back.
“But she was so determined. Her dream was to walk at New York Fashion Week and she’s done it.”
Modest Nakisa admitted: “Never in a million years would I have expected what’s happened over the past month. Getting a phone call out of the blue to go to New York Fashion Week was a shock but it’s all very exciting.”

Nakisa is half Iranian and her proud dad Ben arrived in the UK from Iran in the 1980s.
After leaving St Margaret’s High School in Airdrie, she went to City of Glasgow college before the family emigrated to Canada.
Nakisa said: “People say Scotland doesn’t have good opportunities and I’m lucky that I moved away but, if it wasn’t for Scotland and the people there who spotted me, then I wouldn’t be doing this today.”
Nakisa’s Canadian agent Angie Sakla-Seymour, of Angie’s Models and Talent International, believes the young Scot’s good looks, long legs and sunny personality will take her to the top of the industry.
She said: “Nakisa is doing really well. She’s only going to castings for A-list clients and she’s in high demand.
“She has the looks, she has the long legs but she has the personality too. Her personality just shines through and, with that, she’s going to make it big.
“Nakisa is on her way to becoming one of the most sought-after models in the world. Everyone will be talking about her.
“She will never have to do a normal job again in her life.”
Alison Bruce, who runs Scotland’s top model agency Colours, said she was excited to see Nakisa doing so well.
She said: “We’re thrilled for her. We spotted her potential and knew she’d be a very successful model.
“She had all the right qualities to do well, so I’m not surprised.&quot;

 