Celtic midfielder Stefan Johansen is doubtful for Motherwell's visit after picking up an injury against Red Bull Salzburg in the Europa League.  Date: Sunday, 21 September. Venue: Celtic Park, Glasgow. Kick-off: 15:00 BST.
Coverage: Listen on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW/DAB/online, live text commentary on BBC Sport website.
 Celtic midfielder Stefan Johansen is doubtful for Motherwell's visit after picking up an injury against Red Bull Salzburg in the Europa League. 
 Some other unnamed players picked up knocks, while winger James Forrest and defenders Mikael Lustig, Charlie Mulgrew and Adam Matthews remain out. 
 On-loan Manchester City striker John Guidetti returns to the squad after being ineligible for the European tie. 
 A few unnamed Motherwell players are nursing knocks ahead of the game. 
  Celtic manager Ronny Deila:  &quot;You need to use your squad and that's why we have a big squad. 
 &quot;We will have a very good team on Sunday but will see how everyone is feeling. 
 &quot;It was important to get a result in Salzburg. We met a good team, there were some good performances and we just have to keep it going in the league as well.&quot; 
 &quot;It's all about attitude and motivation and being ready for every game. It is a very important game on Sunday and we'll do everything to win. 
 &quot;I have been an underdog before and I know you have nothing to lose and you can just go for it and it's fantastic if you win. 
 &quot;But it's at Celtic Park and we will do everything to have a good performance and win the game.&quot; 
  Motherwell manager Stuart McCall:  &quot;I certainly think Celtic have got stronger and improved. I watched the European game and Salzburg are a good side. 
 &quot;Craig Gordon was outstanding and he needed to be, but you look at the squad and Leigh Griffiths was not even on the bench. 
 &quot;Anthony Stokes came on and John Guidetti can come in. It shows you how strong they are. 
 &quot;The manager keeps talking about them getting fitter and stronger so they can press and they certainly seem to be doing that. 
 &quot;We need to up our levels of performance anyway. Even though we were delighted with the win last week, it still doesn't mask the fact we were nowhere near as good as we can be.&quot; 
 