THE woman's hopes of taking legal action against her attacker were shattered when police accidentally destroyed forensic evidence vital to her case. Rape victim vents fury at careless police for failing to notify prosecutors and destroying vital evidence - Daily Record A WOMAN who told police she was raped in her home has been told officers destroyed forensic evidence by mistake.
No one was charged with the alleged attack on the 36-year-old after the police forgot to send the file to prosecutors.
Now the woman’s hopes of suing her attacker have been shattered after officers destroyed clothes and bedclothes, possibly containing vital forensic evidence, in error.
It makes any civil action against her attacker much more difficult.
In a separate development, Police Scotland have agreed a &pound;20,000 compensation payment to the woman because of the trauma caused by their handling of the case.
A letter from Rhona Stannage, principal solicitor for Police Scotland, explained the woman’s clothes and bedclothes were no longer at Partick police office in Glasgow.
She said: “It would appear that they have been destroyed in error.”
The woman said: “I went through all the medical examinations and police interviews. And for almost two years the police fobbed me off every time I called to ask about the case.
“The police took my clothing and the bedclothes from my flat, along with my mobile phone. I trusted them to do their job but they failed me every step of the way.
“They kept saying the case was being dealt with. But when I called the procurator fiscal’s office, they hadn’t even heard about the case.
“After mucking up so badly the first time and having to apologise, you’d think the police would do everything in their power to make sure everything else was done by the book.
“Losing the evidence means I’m unable to pursue the man who destroyed my life.” The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, reported the rape at her home in Maryhill to police in 2010.

She said she was burned with a lit cigarette during the horrific attack and subjected to intimidation and threatening messages from her attacker afterwards.
But the case was later dropped by prosecutors before it reached court. Officers from the former Strathclyde Police force later told her they left her case papers in a drawer at Partick police office and forgot about them.
Sandy Brindley, of Rape Crisis Scotland, said: “We’re shocked. Rape is an extremely serious crime which can take a lot of courage to report. Survivors need to have confidence that their report will be treated seriously.”
Apart from the &pound;20,000 payout agreed by Police Scotland, the woman was also awarded &pound;11,000 by the Criminal Injuries Authority in September 2011 after they decided she was the victim of a sexual assault. She said: “This was never about money – I was denied justice.”
Her lawyer Cameron Fyfe said: “It’s a tragedy of errors by the police. We will be pursuing them for compensation for destroying the opportunity of the case going to civil court.”
Detective Chief Superintendent Lesley Boal said: “Police Scotland’s National Rape Task Force was established to improve the quality of rape investigation and improve resilience, flexibility and specialist support.”
The force will now decide whether to take disciplinary action against any officers.

 