THE shortlist for our 24th people's Oscars has been finalised - and while they are all heroes in our eyes we want you to help us select a winner. Sunday Mail Great Scot Awards 2014: Help choose which of our fab four finalists should take this year's prize - Daily Record  DAZZLING, brilliant, outstanding – just some of the words our judges used to describe this year’s nominations for the Sunday Mail Great Scot Awards . 
 The panel met on Tuesday to deliberate over the 10 shortlisted finalists for our 24th people’s  Oscars. 
Chaired by former First Minister Jack McConnell, the judges included Sunday Mail columnist and BBC Scotland newsreader Jackie Bird, businessman Willie Haughey, founder of City Refrigeration, and last year’s Great Scot winner Dr Nadeem Siddiqui.
Senior corporate relations manager Anna Steven from our title sponsors BT and Sunday Mail editor Jim Wilson completed the line-up.
It took an hour of intense debate before the panel could narrow the top 10 down to a phenomenal four.
They will take the stage as unsung heroes, with one being crowned the Great Scot of 2014 at a ceremony at the Glasgow Thistle on October 25.
But readers can still help to decide one of the biggest awards. Our Connecting Communities category – sponsored by BT.
Our readers can now decide which of our four community finalists should be crowned the winner by voting at the addresses, below.
Voting is limited to one entry per person and votes must be cast before October 3.
 ALISON BROWN 
  

Alison’s devotion to son Ethan has meant dozens of disabled kids get to enjoy sport. The mum, 36, from Tranent, East Lothian, set up Superstar Sports Club in Musselburgh after Ethan, six, was diagnosed with severe brittle bone disease.
She juggles looking after Ethan and running the club where disabled youngsters can enjoy lots of different sports in Musselburgh Community Centre.
 ALAN MICHAEL 
  

For the past 34 years, Alan, 71, has made sure no one in his community feels isolated or alone.
The grandad-of-five, from Inverness, has helped hundreds of OAPs after setting up dozens of friendship clubs. Alan, who was a sports commentator on a hospital radio station for 22 years, has also set up a talking newspaper for the visually impaired and a library service for the housebound.
 MARGARET MILLER 
  

Margaret, of Springboig, Glasgow, is Scotland’s oldest volunteer, serving her community for more than 75 years. At 104, she is the longest–serving volunteer with the Royal Voluntary Service. Much of her work has been with a stroke club she set up in the 70s at a local hospital.
The Lightburn Harmony Club still gather every Monday in Shettleston.
 MONTROSE AIR STATION HERITAGE CENTRE 
  

The centre’s incredible history is being kept alive by a team of community volunteers. The 30-strong group, whose ages range from 16 to 79, give up their time to make sure the venue is preserved for future generations.
From giving talks to school children and building replica aircraft, to washing dishes and serving in the shop, they work round the clock to keep the museum ticking over.
 