GLASGOW MSPs have given their backing to Nicola Sturgeon to take over as First Minister. Glasgow MSPs back Nicola to take over GLASGOW MSPs have given their backing to Nicola Sturgeon to take over as First Minister.The Deputy First Minister is hot favourite to succeed Alex Salmond as SNP leader and then as First Minister in November, &shy;following Mr Salmond's resignation announcement.Other Scottish Government cabinet secretaries and SNP heavyweights have said they will not stand and most have backed Ms Sturgeon for the job.Her Glasgow colleagues are full-square behind her with only one not prepared to make his preference public, but still recognising her credentials.Possible contenders John Swinney, Alex Neil and &shy;Michael Russell have said the Glasgow Southside MSP is the ideal candidate to &shy;become the country's first female First Minister.Previous contender Roseanna Cunningham has said she will not stand this time and MPs at Westminster are unlikely to stand as leader as they would not be able to take over as First Minister.If there is a challenge, which seems increasingly unlikely, she can rely on her fellow city MSPs for support, who have described her as &quot;the outstanding candidate&quot; and &quot;best &shy;person for the job&quot;.Glasgow MSP Bob Doris said: &quot;Nicola Sturgeon is the outstanding candidate for leadership. She would have my complete support. There are a lot of people able to lead the party, but you choose the most talented person available.&quot;Nicola Sturgeon is head-and-shoulders above everyone else.&quot;Sandra White, MSP for Kelvin, the only other Glasgow SNP MSP to have served throughout the &shy;duration of the Scottish Parliament, said: &quot;No doubt whatsoever. I would &shy;support Nicola Sturgeon.&quot;She is the natural successor. She worked so hard during the campaign and did so well. I can't see anyone challenging her.&quot;Humza Yousaf, Glasgow MSP and external affairs minister, gave his endorsement through Twitter.He has been tipped as a possible future leader and possibly deputy this time round, but in this contest he said he is backing MS Sturgeon. He said: &quot;Let me be clear. No ifs, no buts, no mibbees. I am Team Sturgeon.&quot;Others, while recognising the party members would make the decision, said they supported Ms Sturgeon and agreed she was the most likely and most suitable candidate.Cathcart MSP James Dornan said: &quot;Clearly this is a matter for Nicola. If she decides to go for the leadership she has my full backing.&quot;Bill Kidd, Anniesland MSP, said: &quot;I believe the leadership is for the party to decide . I'm sure we will get it right again as we have done before. I am very comfortable with the likely successor, which is Nicola Sturgeon, but that is for the party to make a decision on.&quot;Only Shettleston MSP John Mason would not be drawn on his preference, but said Ms Sturgeon is the favourite.He said: &quot;Nicola is clearly the &shy;favourite. I like her and &shy;respect her and she could certainly do it. I guess others could to. I will wait and see and I wouldn't say publicly, I would just vote.&quot;The position of deputy leader and deputy First Minister, should Ms Sturgeon be the leader, could be a wider contest with several names mentioned.Mr Yousaf has been mentioned along with Local Government Minister Derek Mackay, Transport Minister Keith Brown, Public Health Minister Michael Matheson and Commonwealth Games Minister Shona Robison.Following Mr Salmond's announcement in the aftermath of the referendum &shy;result, there will be a ballot on the party leadership and his successor in place at the SNP Conference in mid November. 