ANDREW and Darren Carnegie sparked the influx of donations after delivering a speech on peace and reconciliation in the wake of Friday's violent scenes in Glasgow city centre. George Square becomes home to spontaneous food bank after peace campaigners spark deluge of donations - Daily Record GLASGOW’S George Square became home to a spontaneous food bank at the weekend as peace campaigners sparked a deluge of donations.
Father and son team Andrew and Darren Carnegie visited the civic space on Saturday to hold a speech on peace and reconciliation in the wake of Friday’s violent scenes which saw unionist thugs terrorise Glasgow city centre.
But when the social campaigners spoke of their food bank, Glasgow’s Needy, they saw kind-hearted Glaswegians rush to give food for the cause, with more than 100 bags of food donated on Saturday alone.
They returned on Sunday and were again flooded by contributions which will last their food bank for months to come.
Darren, 25, said they were overcome by people’s generosity.
The Glasgow resident, who witnessed the violent clashes, added: “It was a stark contrast to Friday night.
“The scenes of violence show a tiny minority of Glaswegians, a vile bigotry that’s not representative of anything.
“That’s why we were down there with our peace flags, to show Glasgow is a good city with good people.
“The intention was to speak about peace, about ending bigotry and hatred, and we got on to our food bank.”
 

Every year, between November and January, the pair organise a foodbank, which this year helped 300 hard-up Glaswegians.
The father-son team go out to the needy’s homes and evaluate their needs and Darren said when they shared their stories of poverty in George Square, people rushed to help.
He added: “There was a spontaneous reaction and soon we had to ask friends to come down with cars and now our living room is absolutely stowed with food.
“This shows the true heart of Glasgow and what it’s all about.”
Glasgow was one of the Yes campaigns victories in last week’s referendum, with 53.49 per cent of the electorate backing independence.
 

Yes man Darren said: “I was disheartened about the vote but I know we’ve created something special.
“With a Yes vote we’ve had no more Tory governments and we wouldn’t need food banks.
“I don’t pretend it would immediately have been a land of milk and honey but the important thing is we now have the man in the street interested in social justice.”
 