NIL BY MOUTH campaign director Dave Scott said the site of groups acting in an aggressive and sectarian manner on Friday was depressing coming just hours after such a democratic process came to an end. Poisonous: Anti-sectarianism group chief slams post-indy ref violence in Glasgow just hours after Scots take part in historic vote - Daily Record LAST Thursday we took part in the biggest democratic exercise in Scottish history .
We read the leaflets, listened to the debates, spoke to activists and then went into polling booths. Regardless of whether you voted No or Yes, in a world where many are denied the right to a free and fair vote, the fact we had this opportunity is to be celebrated.
That is why it was so depressing that just hours later, groups and individuals acted in an aggressive and sectarian manner in Glasgow city centre.
There will no doubt be attempts by some to justify what happened but let’s be quite clear, there can be no excuse for the scenes we witnessed.
No one voted for the people involved and the atmosphere they created was poisonous. It’s more depressing to think that the world’s media saw such a sorry sight.
Sectarianism has always been a failure to understand why others choose a different path to our own, be that religious, cultural or political. It’s defining yourself by what you hate rather than what you believe in.
Those with sectarian attitudes like to give the impression that they alone represent the hopes and fears of their communities. They rely on our apathy, apprehension and reluctance to become involved.
We can’t let this small-minded minority scare us into thinking that change isn’t coming and that they are untouchable.

Indeed, the fact the decent law-abiding majority of Scots have finally found their voice on sectarianism is part of the reason those who cling to the bitterness of the past are becoming so loud and shrill.
They realise the ground beneath them is crumbling. The scenes in George Square were worrying but they do not tell the whole story. Scotland does have a battle with sectarianism but it is one we are winning.
Over the past year, Nil by Mouth have worked in 19 local authorities, bringing our message of tolerance and change to thousands of people.
What’s been most heartening is watching grassroots projects springing up in schools in areas such as Armadale, Blantyre, East Kilbride and Inverclyde. New friendships are being made, bridges built and barriers, mental and physical, dismantled.
Earlier this year, the Record backed our campaign for a project to help young people arrested for posting sectarian abuse on the internet by creating an environment for them to question their own behaviour.
There are 40 projects working to bring people together and help us better understand difference. All of us are standing up to be counted and we’re not going to be intimidated.
We need to focus on things which unite rather than divide. Let’s make tackling sectarianism one of those things. Bigotry can only thrive if the rest of us shy away from standing up to it.
Democracy is not about who shouts the loudest. It’s about a society coming together to control its destiny.
That is what we all did on Thursday, whichever way we voted.
By working together we have the opportunity to defeat sectarianism within a generation.
 