A WOMAN who knifed her husband to death has been jailed for six months after being pursued by police while driving down the motorway in the wrong direction Glasgow husband killer jailed for driving offence A WOMAN who knifed her husband to death has been jailed for six months after being pursued by police while driving down the motorway in the wrong direction.

Former primary school teacher Madge Gillespie, 65, was seen crashing into a barrier before driving onto the motorway the wrong way.
In a bid to stop her police put a rolling road block on the M8 going over the Kingston Bridge and other officers drove towards her car head on.
But, she ignored all marked police cars coming towards her then following her, signalling to stop, and continued driving the wrong way along the motorway until she reached the road block.
Gillespie - who spent more than 18 months behind bars for killing her husband Thomas Boyle in 2004 - pled guilty to driving dangerously on November 8, 2012 at Glasgow Sheriff Court.
She also admitted a drink driving charge. There was 91 milligrams of alcohol in her blood and the legal limit is 80.
Gillespie, from Giffnock, Glasgow, was jailed for six months by sheriff John Beckett QC and disqualified from driving for five years.
He told her: “I regret that I do not consider any other sentence but a prison sentence is appropriate to mark the gravity of this crime.
“It is not a light step to send a lady of your age to prison.”
The sheriff added: “It is only through the luck, skill and bravery of the police officers that prevented a tragedy occurring.”
The court was told that at 1am on the day of the incident, police saw a green Toyota Avensis crash into a pedestrian barrier before driving on to the M77 motorway.
Procurator fiscal depute Tracey Paterson said Gillespie didn’t stop to check for any damage caused and drove onto the off slip road driving north, on the southbound carriageway.
She said: “The police witnesses immediately contacted the control room requiring assistance to stop the accused, immediately.”
Other officers made their way to the section of the motorway and saw Gillespie driving the wrong way and a “number of vehicles” taking action to avoid colliding with her.
Miss Paterson added: “Police witnesses implemented a rolling road block holding back all the traffic coming over the Kingston bridge on the M8 motorway”.
The court heard that two police officers on the M77 noticed headlights coming towards them.
The police drove towards the accused in the car while trying to get her attention but were forced to swerve to avoid hitting her.
Miss Paterson said: “This resulted in the accused driving by the marked police car, causing vehicles which had been driving behind the police car to take evasive action to avoid the accused.
“Police witnesses immediately turned the marked police vehicle around, driving alongside the accused signaling for her to immediately stop.
“Both accused and marked police car were now travelling in the wrong direction on the motorway.”
More officers then joined in the pursuit to have Gillespie come to a stop.
The fiscal added: “The accused had two marked police vehicles to each side of her motor vehicle but continued on.
“The accused came to a stop prior to the rolling road block.”
Officers that approached and spoke to Gillespie could smell alcohol from her.
Defence lawyer Garvey McArdle said Gillespie had earlier been with an ex partner who had been given bad news and she was trying to stop him from drinking.
He told the court she tried to stop him getting drunk but he became aggressive towards her.
The lawyer said Gillespie - who alleges she suffered domestic violence at the hands of the husband she killed - felt she had to escape because of her past experiences.
In a background report given to the court there was a comment that said her late husband was not violent towards her, which Mr McArdle said is incorrect.
He said: “That was very resonate to her, she felt she had to get out of there as quick as possible.
“She took her car, she hadn’t been intending to do that.”
 