THE Ethiopian star won last year's race in a record 61m 9s and says he might even improve on it this time around. Video: Distance running legend Haile Gebrselassie can't wait to defend Great Scottish Run title in Glasgow - Daily Record 
THE world’s greatest ever distance runner has spoken of his delight at competing at the Great Scottish Run .
Haile Gebrselassie will return to the event in which he made a record-breaking debut last year on Sunday 5 October.
The 41-year-old Ethiopian won last year’s race in 61 minutes 9 seconds , the fastest time ever recorded in Scotland for the 13.1 mile half marathon distance and also a world age-group record.&nbsp;
He said: “I have fantastic memories of my first race in Scotland and I am delighted to be coming back to race in the Bank of Scotland Great Scottish Run for a second time.
“It’s a great race with a great atmosphere and the organisation is superb.”
The 5ft 4in East African is known as the Little Emperor and has broken an incredible 27 world records, at distances ranging from two miles to the 26.2 miles of the full marathon during the course of a trailblazing career in which he has also won two Olympic titles and four World Championship gold medals at 10,000m.

Asked whether he might be able to improve his Scottish all-comers’ half marathon record in Glasgow on 5 October, Gebrselassie said: “Who knows? The weather was not bad last year but there was a little bit of rain towards the end and it was a little bit windy in another part.
“So maybe, with better weather this year, I can run faster. What was important last year was not the time but to win the race. It was my first ever race in Scotland and I wanted to win it. This year, we will see. I cannot indicate at this stage what time I am going to run.
“I had a problem earlier this year - I had a small surgery to my knee – but that is gone now.&nbsp; My training is going well. When you are an older athlete you have to be serious in your training and in how you take your rest and how you are preparing, but I am still doing well at 41.”
He added: “Running is more than just competing. It is more than just winning. It is a passion. That is why I like running in races like the Great Scottish Run and the other Great Run races around the world – the Great North Run in Newcastle, the Great Manchester Run, the Great Ethiopian Run and so on.
“The organisation is perfect and the races are full of many people who have that passion for running. Running every day, or most days, helps them with their lives. It is the same for me.”
The Bank of Scotland Great Scottish Run is still open for entry via the website www.greatscottishrun.org
You can follow the event on twitter @GreatScotRun using #greatscottishrun
Fancy yourself as a sports know-it-all? Test yourself with our quiz:

 