SPECIALIST officers with machine guns, body armour and shields swooped on a property after receiving a tip-off that serial criminal Jonathan Kelly was inside. Police later admitted the 33-year-old was still at large. Fugitive machete thug disappears as armed police raid property on Glasgow's south side after receiving tip-off - Daily Record ARMED police hunting a fugitive violent thug swooped on a block of flats yesterday – but he gave them the slip.
Specialist officers with machine guns, body armour and shields raided a property on Glasgow’s south side after receiving a tip-off that serial criminal Jonathan Kelly was inside. A search was launched earlier this month when he breached his bail conditions on release from prison.
Kelly, 33, from Drumchapel, Glasgow, has boasted of attacking gay people, paralysing a man in a machete attack and committing a string of violent offences in prison.
His horrific record explains why officers took no chances when they descended on Boyd Street in Govanhill at 11.20am.
But several hours later, police admitted Kelly was still at large.
When Kelly went on the run last week, Police Scotland claimed he was “not considered a danger to the public” – but the Record has learned that while still in prison, he wrote to campaign group Miscarriages of Justice UK to brag about his life of violence .
In the letter, Kelly claimed he was initially locked up for paralysing a man in a machete attack.
It was the first of many jail terms and he has been behind a string of savage attacks in the prison system.
Kelly boasted in the letter: “While on remand in Barlinnie I told screws not to put another con in my cell or I would be forced to hurt him. After a couple of hours I repeatedly slashed and stabbed him. If it hadn’t been for night staff, he would have died.”
Kelly got five years for the assault and was moved to Kilmarnock jail, where he says he “lasted only three or four months before assaulting two prisoners”.
He said he then began assaulting officers because they were playing “mind games” with him.
He said he attacked three in three days and was moved to Perth, where he staged a dirty protest and assaulted officers “at any opportunity I got”.
 

He said he has also attacked staff at Shotts, Glenochil, Edinburgh, Barlinnie and Addiewell jails and bragged: “Seven High Court trials, but only three convictions.”
Kelly wrote that in 2008, he stabbed a warder four times in the face and head “in retaliation for assaulting me”.
And he said later that year, he coshed one officer and threw “a bucket of s**** and p***” over another.
Kelly was released from Low Moss prison in Lanarkshire last month but broke strict conditions and had his licence revoked.
Police and the Scottish Prison Service have refused to reveal Kelly’s previous convictions and last week, Detective Inspector Ian Hylands of Drumchapel police office attempted to play the situation down.
 

Hylands said: “Although not considered a danger to the public, we believe that due to circumstances Mr Kelly may pose a risk.
“I would appeal to Mr Kelly to give himself up and contact Police Scotland with a view to handing himself in.”
Last night, a police spokeswoman admitted they had failed to catch Kelly in the Govanhill operation.
She said: “Officers received information that a missing man, Jonathan Kelly was seen in the area. Officers immediately responded to the location and conducted a search to try and locate him while ensuring there was no danger posed to members of the public.
“Police Scotland can confirm the man is still missing and inquiries are continuing.”
One Boyd Street resident said: “I looked out the window and there were police standing with guns and several 4x4 vehicles. They had the ballistic helmets with the goggles, assault rifles, sidearms and black uniforms. There were four vehicles in the street and several officers.”
Kelly is described as white, 5ft 9in, with short brown hair and of heavy build.
 