OFFICERS were sent to Boyd Street in the Crosshill area of the city at 11.20am and a spokesman said the incident was ongoing. Street cordoned off as armed police hunt on the run violent thug in Glasgow’s south side - Daily Record ARMED police hunting an on the run violent thug swooped on a block of flats yesterday.
A team of specialist officers with machine guns and shields raided a property on Glasgow’s south side after receiving a tip-off criminal Johnathan Kelly was inside.
A search for 33-year-old Kelly was launched earlier this month after he breached his bail conditions on release from prison.
And it is understood police descended on Boyd Street in the Govanhill area of Glasgow’s south side after receiving a tip-off that the ex-con was inside.
The area was sealed off as armed officers surrounded the property at 11.20am.
 
  &nbsp;
A Police Scotland spokeswoman said: “We can confirm that there is an ongoing incident in conjunction with a missing persons inquiry.”
Kelly, from Drumchapel, Glasgow, was released from prison last month but had to comply with the strict conditions of his licence.
He breached these condition after his release from Low Moss Prison in Lanarkshire, and as a result has had his licence revoked.
Police and the Scottish Prison Service have refused to reveal his previous convictions despite saying he was “unlawfully at large”.
Kelly is described as white, 5 ft 9 in height, with short brown hair and of a heavy build.
 

Last week Detective inspector Ian Hylands, of Drumchapel Police Office, attempted to play down the danger posed by Kelly.
He said: “Although not considered a danger to the public, we believe that due to circumstances that Mr Kelly may pose a risk.
“I would appeal to Mr Kelly to give himself up and contact with Police Scotland with a view to handing himself in.”
Yesterday One Boyd Street resident said: “My fianc&eacute; woke me up at about 11 o’clock and told me there were armed cops all over the streets.
“I looked out the window and there were police standing with guns and several 4x4 vehicles.
“They had the ballistic helmets with the goggles, assault rifles, side arms and black uniforms. There were four vehicles in the street and several officers.
“The property they are looking at is only two closes away from my flat so it’s quite frightening.
“This is a quiet street most of the time apart from when the pubs come out and it can get a bit rowdy.”
 