LABOUR has to get into the heart of communities and understand why people feel so let down by the UK, according to the party's shadow Scottish secretary. We must win the trust of working people LABOUR has to get into the heart of communities and understand why people feel so let down by the UK, according to the party's shadow Scottish secretary.Margaret Curran, Glasgow East MP, told the Party's conference in Manchester people in areas that were traditionally Labour- supporting were angry and Labour had to find out why.Ms Curran who lost the Glasgow East by-election in 2008 said Labour had to listen to the people to win back trust.The party conference heard from Ms Curran, Scottish leader Johann Lamont and Alistair Darling, the Better Together leader, who accused Alex Salmond of 'losing the plot' since the referendum result.After Glasgow voted 53% to 47% in favour of Yes, with every constituency in the city backing independence, Labour was left wondering why their message failed to connect with so many of their own constituents despite the overall No vote.Traditional working class areas North Lanarkshire and Dundee also voted yes leaving, Labour with a problem of re-connecting before the General Election next year then the Scottish elections in 2016.Ms Curran said they had to do what she did following the by election defeat to John Mason. She said: &quot;I know many people who are driven by values similar to us, but they voted Yes.&quot;If you voted Yes because you want a better and fairer society we can work together. If you voted Yes because poverty and inequality cuts you to the core, then come to us.&quot;She said the action had to be re-establishing contact and understanding people's concerns.Ms Curran added: &quot;In 2008 I lost the Glasgow East by-election. We had clearly lost the people's trust. I went in to all parts of the community and listened to and won them back.&quot;We need to do the same again. Words are not enough - it's time for action.&quot;She said although the referendum result was the outcome Labour wanted, the party clearly faces challenges to regain support.She said: &quot;It is clear devolution is the settled will of the Scottish people. We can't be complacent, we have to be honest. Some of the people who don't think the UK works for them are Labour voters. We need to understand why they are angry.&quot;Why in areas like Glasgow, Lanarkshire and Dundee people feel so let down they want to leave.&quot;&quot;Politics has been in every part of our communities. I will go to 10 areas where people voted Yes and meet people who voted Yes. I will go wherever people will have me. Pubs, miners' halls, community centres, tweet or e-mail me, let's talk.&quot;Labour was given a warning from union Unite's leader Len McCluskey not to ignore the workers.The General Secretary said the referendum was a lesson not to abandon the people who should matter most to the party.He said: &quot;We can't say we weren't warned. Even after the SNP started winning Scottish parliament seats in the east end of Glasgow, some in the Scottish Labour Party clung to the mantra of wooing the middle classes. It took a referendum campaign to remind us that you ignore the hopes of the working people at your political peril.&quot;Mr Darling, just days after the result, criticised Alex Salmond who he said does not accept the will of the people.He said: &quot;Some people haven't entirely accepted the result&quot;. He said the First Minister had said independence could be achieved by other means.He added: &quot;I say to Alex Salmond, you lost the argument, you lost the referendum and you have lost office. Now you have lost the plot. The people have said no thanks to separation. And you must accept the result.&quot;Labour Scottish Leader Johann Lamont said: &quot;We allowed disappointment to become despair and to ferment into nationalism. We must never allow that to happen again.&quot; She said Labour was a &quot;moral crusade&quot; against poverty, injustice and inequality. 