Renfrewshire attraction has brought in almost £3 million for charity Inchinnan art show celebrates 30 years of fundraising - Daily Record A popular art exhibition which has raised thousands of pounds for charity is celebrating its 30th anniversary.
The annual Inchinnan art show has brought in almost &pound;3million for Macmillan Cancer Support over the years, making it one of the cause’s biggest money-spinners in the UK.
And, this year, TV personality Jackie Bird will be lending her support by officially opening the show.
The fundraiser is run by volunteers from the Glasgow ’84 Committee, who work tirelessly throughout the year to bring together an eclectic range of Scottish contemporary art, created by the best talent in the country.
Featuring more than 800 unique paintings, sculptures, ceramics, sketches and jewellery, by nearly 300 artists, the event is among the biggest in Scotland.
In previous years, the charity received half the money from all sales but, to mark the milestone this year, all of the cash brought in is being donated.
Art show co-ordinator Carol Dunbar said: “The success of the this exhibition is really remarkable, especially when you think it was and still is organised completely by volunteers.
“We didn’t start with so many pieces. At first, we had only around 100, but it has grown to what it is today.
“We enjoy fantastic support, especially from the artists who agreed, within days of being asked, to this year donate all their sales to the charity.
“I think the secret to our longevity is that we try to freshen things up each year. We make an effort to speak to artists from all around the country and bring them to the city for some exposure.”
Renowned painter Jennifer Irvine has gifted an Italian streetscape, which will be raffled off.
The Glasgow School of Art alumni created the work – titled Restaurant Gigondas, Provence – while travelling through Europe.
Over the opening weekend, five artists will be in situ within the large Caledonia Gallery space.
Nichol Wheatley, Marion Drummond, Rosie Beaton, Gordon Wilson and Elaine Johnston will be painting at their easels and talking about their inspirations and methods.
Elspeth Atkinson, Macmillan’s director in Scotland, said: “The art show is one of our biggest and best events in the city and we are incredibly grateful to everyone that is involved and supports it so generously.
“We could not provide the vital services in the west of Scotland for people affected by cancer without events like this and the money raised will ensure Macmillan can continue to be there for people when they need us most.”
The nine-day exhibition will be open to the public from November 2 to 9 at the M&amp;Co building, in Inchinnan Road. Entry is free.
For more information, visit www.macmillanglasgowartshow.com
 