Stefan Johansen and Mubarak Wakaso could return to the Celtic squad for the Scottish League Cup third-round tie against Hearts at Parkhead on Wednesday night.  Date: Wednesday, 24 September. Venue: Celtic Park, Glasgow. Kick-off: 19:15 BST.
Coverage: Watch on BBC One Scotland, listen on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW/DAB/online, live text commentary on BBC Sport website.
 Stefan Johansen and Mubarak Wakaso could return to the Celtic squad for the Scottish League Cup third-round tie against Hearts at Parkhead on Wednesday night. 
 Charlie Mulgrew (knee), James Forrest (hamstring), Mikael Lustig (groin) and Adam Matthews (calf) remain out. 
 Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson said he would make &quot;a couple of changes&quot; but would play a strong team. 
 Left-back Kevin McHattie and midfielder Sam Nicholson could both return. 
  Celtic captain Scott Brown:  &quot;Hearts are a great young team. I watched them against Hibs and they are full of energy, they look attacking, young, keen, so it is going to be a good test for us. 
 &quot;There will be a lot of players in that squad who will not have played at Celtic Park before and they will want to prove a point that they are good enough to play in the Premiership and against us. 
 &quot;We were disappointed after last season going out to Morton at home. Especially with the final being at Celtic Park, it would have been huge for us. 
 &quot;So it is definitely a season when we want to go out and put that right, but we've got to start doing better in the league and do well in the cups as well. 
 &quot;We need to bring our A-game to the table and show how good we are.&quot; 
  Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson:  &quot;It's another game and we want to win every game. So it's a case of going in and trying to win it. 
 &quot;We'll prepare as we did against Cowdenbeath and we'll prepare the same as we're going to do against Livingston on Sunday. 
 &quot;It's a case of trying to do our best, give our players all of the information that we can, prepare them as well as we can and then they need to go out there and perform. 
 &quot;We'll look after ourselves. We've got a game plan that we're going to go and try and do. If we execute that and we do well then we've got a chance to win the game, but it's just a chance. 
 &quot;I've said before that Celtic are the massive favourites to win the game. We have to go and play at 100%. If we can do that then we have a chance.&quot; 
 