Clyde remain bottom of Scottish League Two after suffering their fourth defeat of the season as Montrose triumphed at Broadwood Stadium.    Watt 11′  
  Wood 6′  Masson 59′  
 Clyde remain bottom of Scottish League Two after suffering their fourth defeat of the season as Montrose triumphed at Broadwood Stadium. 
 Garry Wood headed home from a free-kick to give Montrose an early lead. 
 However, Barry Ferguson's side soon fought back when Kevin Watt fired in a free-kick. 
 It remained level until the second half when Terry Masson struck from inside the box to give the visitors all three points. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Clyde 1, Montrose 2. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Clyde 1, Montrose 2. 
  Booking  David Marsh (Clyde) is shown the yellow card. 
  Booking  Stephen O'Neill (Montrose) is shown the yellow card. 
 (Clyde) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Stephen O'Neill (Montrose). 
 Hand ball by Paul Watson (Montrose). 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Alan Campbell. 
 Attempt missed. Ross McKinnon (Clyde) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Scott Johnston. 
 Corner, Montrose. Conceded by David Marsh. 
 Attempt missed. Andy Gibson (Clyde) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is close, but misses the top left corner. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Montrose. Leighton Mcintosh replaces Garry Wood. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. Michael Daly replaces Scott Ferguson. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. David Sinclair replaces Euan Smith. 
 Corner, Montrose. Conceded by Scott Durie. 
 Foul by Stephen O'Donnell (Clyde). 
 Scott Johnston (Montrose) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Montrose. Conceded by Scott Durie. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Montrose. Stephen O'Neill replaces Paul Harkins. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. David Gray replaces Craig McLeish. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Alan Campbell. 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 1, Montrose 2. Terry Masson (Montrose) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Montrose. Scott Johnston replaces Steven Robb. 
 Attempt missed. Scott Ferguson (Clyde) left footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. 
 Foul by Craig Halkett (Clyde). 
 Garry Wood (Montrose) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
   Second Half begins Clyde 1, Montrose 1. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Clyde 1, Montrose 1. 
 Foul by Craig McLeish (Clyde). 
 Bryan Deasley (Montrose) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Craig McLeish (Clyde) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Craig Bell (Montrose). 
 Attempt saved. Ross McCord (Montrose) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Hand ball by Ross McCord (Montrose). 
 Craig Bell (Montrose) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Scott Ferguson (Clyde). 
  Booking  Ross McKinnon (Clyde) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Ross McKinnon (Clyde). 
 Terry Masson (Montrose) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Kevin Watt (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Steven Robb (Montrose). 
 Attempt saved. Garry Wood (Montrose) header from a difficult angle on the right is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Montrose. Conceded by Scott Durie. 
 Kevin Watt (Clyde) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Alan Campbell (Montrose). 
 Andy Gibson (Clyde) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Terry Masson (Montrose). 
 Euan Smith (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Paul Watson (Montrose). 
 Euan Smith (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jonathan Crawford (Montrose). 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 1, Montrose 1. Kevin Watt (Clyde) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. 
 Kevin Watt (Clyde) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Alan Campbell (Montrose). 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 0, Montrose 1. Garry Wood (Montrose) header from the centre of the box to the top right corner. 
 Garry Wood (Montrose) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by David Marsh (Clyde). 
 Foul by Craig Halkett (Clyde). 
 Craig Bell (Montrose) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 