Hamilton player-manager Alex Neil is hopeful Mickael Antoine-Curier will shake off a tight hamstring to face Motherwell on Wednesday night.  Date: Wednesday, 24 September. Venue: New Douglas Park, Hamilton. Kick-off: 19:45 BST.
Coverage: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW/DAB/online and BBC Sport website.
 Hamilton player-manager Alex Neil is hopeful Mickael Antoine-Curier will shake off a tight hamstring to face Motherwell on Wednesday night. 
 But there remains doubts over Jesus Garcia Tena (ankle) and Martin Canning (knee) for the New Douglas Park tie. 
 Midfielder Darian MacKinnon is definitely out as he serves the second match of a four-game ban. 
 Stevie Hammell and Craig Moore are nearing fitness for Motherwell, but Stuart Carswell is suspended. 
  Hamilton player-manager Alex Neil:  &quot;With Hibs, Hearts and Rangers being in a state of transition, there is a chance for a lot of the smaller clubs to have a good cup run. 
 &quot;There is no reason why we can't think of doing the same as Kilmarnock, St Mirren and Aberdeen, who have all won it recently. 
 &quot;But the only concern I would have is that I don't want us to take our eye off the ball in terms of the league. 
 &quot;That is our bread and butter and we want to do really well in that competition. We want to have a good cup run too, but we have a really small squad and it might be difficult to manage the two. 
 &quot;Would I name a weakened side on Wednesday? Well, my team will be determined by who is fit and who is not. But I would have no problem putting some of the younger boys in on Wednesday. 
 &quot;But if I had to chose which of the two derbies we could win, I'd take the league game, without question. 
 &quot;We want to continue our league form. I'm not writing the cup off - not at all - but the league is our priority.&quot; 
  Motherwell manager Stuart McCall:  &quot;It wasn't just the point [against Celtic] but also the performance. Certainly in the first half I thought we had the better chances. The second half it was a bit more backs to the wall which was expected really. 
 &quot;The point was terrific but the manner in which it was gained will give the lads a lot of confidence. 
 &quot;This was probably the toughest tie we could have got because it's seeded at this stage. 
 &quot;I'm actually envious of Alex [Neil] because he can play in it, because this is one I'd be looking forward to playing in. It's a massive game for both clubs, both sets of supporters, both sets of players. 
 &quot;We want to pick up in the league, but a cup run and a bit of success to give the fans a trip to Hampden if possible is something high in our agenda. 
 &quot;We'd certainly give up a couple of places [in the league] if we could be really successful in a cup.&quot; 
 