Brian Graham's second-half volley was enough to take St Johnstone through to the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals at the expense of Kilmarnock.    Graham 54′  
 Brian Graham's second-half volley was enough to take St Johnstone through to the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals at the expense of Kilmarnock. 
 The on-loan Dundee United forward scored his third goal in four games when he improvised to hook the ball past Craig Samson. 
 Earlier, Alexei Eremenko and Sammy Clingan had threatened for Killie and Graham's header was blocked. 
 Eremenko was sent off for receiving a second booking 19 minutes from the end. 
 The playmaker had been the game's best player and his dismissal made the Ayrshire men's task even more difficult. 
 In the end, despite a few scares, the visitors held on to book a place in Wednesday's quarter-final draw. 
 Eremenko was behind almost all of Killie's goal threats. He hit an early 25-yard drive that Alan Mannus saved before setting up Josh Magennis to drive a shot wide from inside the box. 
 The Finn picked out Mark Connolly with a corner and the defender's close-range header drew a fine save from the goalkeeper. 
 Eremenko received his first booking from referee Steven McLean for diving outside the St Johnstone box after going past Murray Davidson. 
 He was back doing what he does best though with two efforts just wide of the post. 
 It was a completely different St Johnstone side that emerged from the tunnel in the second half, and Craig Samson was forced into saves from Graham and Dave Mackay before the former broke the deadlock. 
 O'Halloran's initial shot was blocked but when the ball eventually fell to the unmarked Graham he hooked it high past Samson and into the net from 10 yards out. 
 Eremenko was then given his marching orders for pulling back O'Halloran, but Kilmarnock continued to be a threat and Mannus saved well from another Connolly header. 
 Killie substitute Michael Ngoo had the ball in the net from Jamie Hamill's corner but it was ruled out for a foul by Magennis. 
 Liam Caddis could have made it two for the Perth side with a long-distance drive that went close late on. 
  St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright:  &quot;Away from home in the cup is always going to be difficult even though we've got a great record down here, it's eleven years or something since we've lost down here. 
 &quot;It was a good response to the defeat on Saturday. Pleased to get the clean sheet and pleased to get the victory. 
 &quot;They probably thought they had the better of the first half. We started the second half really well and deserved the goal. 
 &quot;We are difficult to beat and we can always nick a goal so that is good ingredients to be a good cup side.&quot; 
  Kilmarnock manager Allan Johnston:  &quot;The referee has got to be 100% right. I went and asked him after the game what his thoughts were and he seemed to think it was Josh Magennis not Michael Ngoo that done the foul. 
 &quot;But, obviously, we've had a look at the video and I don't see any foul. 
 &quot;It's difficult for referees it happens so quickly but it's a big point in the game and you can't afford to get them decisions wrong. 
 &quot;I'm delighted with the players the way they kept on going, the belief they showed. Just gutted for them with the result.&quot; 
    Full Time  Match ends, Kilmarnock 0, St. Johnstone 1. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Kilmarnock 0, St. Johnstone 1. 
 Foul by Lee Miller (Kilmarnock). 
 David Wotherspoon (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Mark Connolly (Kilmarnock). 
 Murray Davidson (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Tope Obadeyi (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by David Wotherspoon (St. Johnstone). 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Tope Obadeyi. 
  Booking  Manuel Pascali (Kilmarnock) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Manuel Pascali (Kilmarnock). 
 David Wotherspoon (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Jamie Hamill (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by David Wotherspoon (St. Johnstone). 
  Booking  Michael O'Halloran (St. Johnstone) is shown the yellow card. 
 Attempt missed. Michael O'Halloran (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from the left side of the box is too high. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Craig Samson. 
 Attempt saved. Chris Millar (St. Johnstone) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. 
  Substitution  Substitution, St. Johnstone. Liam Caddis replaces Lee Croft. 
 Foul by Manuel Pascali (Kilmarnock). 
 David Wotherspoon (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Ross Barbour (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by David Wotherspoon (St. Johnstone). 
 Attempt missed. Ross Barbour (Kilmarnock) left footed shot from the right side of the box is just a bit too high. 
  Booking  Steven Anderson (St. Johnstone) is shown the yellow card. 
 Michael Ngoo (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Steven Anderson (St. Johnstone). 
 Foul by Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock). 
 Alan Mannus (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Steven Anderson. 
 Lee Miller (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Steven Anderson (St. Johnstone). 
  Substitution  Substitution, St. Johnstone. David Wotherspoon replaces Simon Lappin. 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Alan Mannus. 
 Attempt saved. Mark Connolly (Kilmarnock) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Lee Miller (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Steven Anderson (St. Johnstone). 
 Foul by Tope Obadeyi (Kilmarnock). 
 Steven Anderson (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Booking  Murray Davidson (St. Johnstone) is shown the yellow card. 
 Jamie Hamill (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Murray Davidson (St. Johnstone). 
  Dismissal  Second yellow card to Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock). 
 Lee Miller (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Brian Easton (St. Johnstone). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Kilmarnock. Lee Miller replaces Chris Johnston. 
 Attempt missed. Murray Davidson (St. Johnstone) header from the centre of the box is too high. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Manuel Pascali. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Kilmarnock. Michael Ngoo replaces Sammy Clingan. 
 Attempt missed. Simon Lappin (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Ross Barbour. 
 Foul by Chris Millar (St. Johnstone). 
 Tope Obadeyi (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Darryl Westlake. 
  Booking  Brian Easton (St. Johnstone) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Brian Easton (St. Johnstone). 
 Tope Obadeyi (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Kilmarnock 0, St. Johnstone 1. Brian Graham (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Michael O'Halloran. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Craig Samson. 
 Attempt saved. David Mackay (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Brian Graham (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Mark Connolly (Kilmarnock). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Kilmarnock. Darryl Westlake replaces Chris Chantler. 
 Chris Millar (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock). 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Manuel Pascali. 
 Attempt missed. Murray Davidson (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Craig Samson. 
 Attempt saved. Brian Graham (St. Johnstone) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Murray Davidson (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Sammy Clingan (Kilmarnock). 
   Second Half begins Kilmarnock 0, St. Johnstone 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Kilmarnock 0, St. Johnstone 0. 
 Attempt missed. Steven Anderson (St. Johnstone) header from the centre of the box misses to the right following a corner. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Jamie Hamill. 
 Foul by Mark Connolly (Kilmarnock). 
 Michael O'Halloran (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt saved. Brian Graham (St. Johnstone) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Chris Chantler. 
 Michael O'Halloran (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Manuel Pascali (Kilmarnock). 
 Foul by Brian Graham (St. Johnstone). 
 Manuel Pascali (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Sammy Clingan (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner from a direct free kick. 
 Foul by Brian Easton (St. Johnstone). 
 Chris Johnston (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Simon Lappin (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Sammy Clingan (Kilmarnock). 
  Booking  Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) is shown the yellow card. 
 Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) has gone down, but that's a dive. 
 Attempt missed. Brian Graham (St. Johnstone) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Steven Anderson. 
 Attempt saved. Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Attempt saved. Mark Connolly (Kilmarnock) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Gary Miller. 
 Foul by Sammy Clingan (Kilmarnock). 
 Murray Davidson (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Josh Magennis (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Steven Anderson (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Manuel Pascali (Kilmarnock). 
 Corner, Kilmarnock. Conceded by Alan Mannus. 
 Attempt saved. Alexei Eremenko (Kilmarnock) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Foul by Chris Millar (St. Johnstone). 
 Chris Johnston (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Murray Davidson (St. Johnstone). 
 Ross Barbour (Kilmarnock) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 