A man has admitted having sex with a 12-year-old girl and breaching an order banning him from contacting children after being caught out by two mothers. Girls' mothers snare sex predator Donald Kennedy A man has admitted having sex with a 12-year-old girl and breaching an order banning him from contacting children after being caught out by two mothers.
Donald Kennedy, 29, from Glasgow, had sex with the girl in 2012 before her mother confiscated her mobile phone and snared him in a text exchange.
He was caught breaching the banning order after the mother of a 13-year-old girl caught him in a similar way.
Sentence on Kennedy was deferred and he was remanded in custody.
Glasgow Sheriff Court heard how the girl first met Kennedy around the start of 2012. 
He later got hold of her mobile phone number and began texting her. 
She eventually became a regular visitor to his home in Carmyle, Glasgow, before asking her if she wanted to be his girlfriend. 
Prosecutor Richard Goddard said Kennedy made her &quot;feel special&quot; and they eventually had sex about seven times in July last year. 
Kennedy was caught out in late August after the girl's mother noticed her daughter's mobile phone bill was double than normal. 
Mr Goddard added: &quot;Within this period, the mother noted 98 phone calls and 303 text messages from her daughter's phone to the same mobile number.&quot; 
The girl eventually admitted she was in contact with Kennedy before her mother confiscated the phone. 
Two days later, the woman spotted a number of calls from Kennedy. 
She then pretended to be her daughter and sent a text to him asking who this was as she had lost numbers. 
Mr Goddard told the court: &quot;This culminated in the accused sending a message saying 'we can't do this anymore'. 
&quot;The girl's mum then texted back: 'Do what?'. She then received a message stating: 'I'm talking about sex'.&quot; 
The woman then confronted her daughter, who admitted what had gone on. 
The mother went to police on 31 August and Kennedy was later charged, but bailed pending further inquiries. 
He was then made the subject of a Interim Risk of Sexual Harm Order at Glasgow Sheriff Court on 19 October 2012.
This banned him from contacting children or having a device - such as a mobile phone - without first telling police. 
Kennedy later told officers that he had a mobile phone - but police eventually discovered via a relative that he also had a Blackberry handset he had not declared. 
He was questioned about this in November last year, but made no comment. 
The court heard he then breached the order again in February this year. 
A 13-year-old girl had placed an advert on the Gumtree website offering to look after someone's horse for a fee. 
The court was told this arrangement is known as &quot;horse for loan&quot;. 
Kennedy got in touch and claimed he had a horse, but the girl felt &quot;something was not right&quot; about the messages and told her mother. 
The mother took over contact with Kennedy, but - like the first youngster - he thought he was still exchanging messages with the girl. 
Kennedy asked if the child was 13 and said his father could pick her up and take her to see the animal in Erskine, Renfrewshire. 
He later claimed his name was &quot;Rob Ray&quot; and that they could also meet up and do &quot;something else&quot;. 
The concerned mother eventually went to police and officers attended at Kennedy's then home in Easterhouse.
He faces a prison term when he is sentenced later this month. 
 