CHIC veteran Nile Rodgers is just one of the multiple stars who will take to the stage for the Ryder Cup Gala Concert at the SSE Hydro on Wednesday night. US legend Nile Rodgers requests Ryder Cup tartan outfit to be made for performance at Gala Concert - Daily Record  US star Nile Rodgers was so impressed by the Ryder Cup Tartan that he requested some clothing to be made from the plaid in time for his appearance at the golf tournament’s Gala Concert. 
 Chic legend Niles is just one of the performers at the star studded event at the SSE Hydro tomorrow night . 
 He will join Jake Bugg, Nina Nesbitt, Amy MacDonald, Eddi Reader, Midge Ure, The Glasgow Girls and Texas on stage at the Glasgow bash as well as Scottish Opera, Scottish Ballet, the RSNO and The National Theatre of Scotland. 
Organiser and CEO of DF Concerts Geoff Ellis, who is putting on the concert with Visit Scotland and Invictus Games artistic director Kim Gavin, said: “We’ve been rushing around frantically trying to get Nile Rodgers some golfing gear after he saw the tartan and wanted some for himself.
“He thought it looked good so we are trying to get him a kilt or trews at the eleventh hour. We are also trying to organise some Harris Tweed for presenters Edith Bowman and James Nesbitt to wear.”

 
Geoff, who said the only golf he’s played is “on concrete”, also revealed that he and the team have managed to secure a guest appearance by Scots singer Donnie Munro for the finale of the gig,
He added: “The final song will be Loch Lomond sung by Donnie Munro with his band and The RSNO. We just organised that over the weekend.”
He said: “T in the Park is held over the Friday, Saturday and Sunday but this is a full four hour spectacle with the four national arts bodies and Nile Rodgers under one roof.
 “We have Midge Ure doing Vienna with a full orchestra , The Red Hot Chilli pipers doing a Celtic Bolero and a specially created film on Scotland as well as the golfers from the American and European teams. It is something really magical and has a massive wow factor.” 
Meanwhile Edinburgh singer Nina Nesbitt claims she and golf clubs don’t tend to go together, unless she’s angry.
Nina, who will kick off the gig with performances of Stay Out and The Apple Tree, laughed: “I go to the driving range when I’m angry at someone and find it good for taking out my frustrations. I’m pretty rubbish at it but it’s fun.”

She is excited about being reunited with Nile Rodgers after storming his stage at an event in Hong Kong.
Nina said: “Nile Rodgers is obviously really successful and amazing and quite down to earth. When I was in Hong Kong we played a festival together and he asked everyone to come up on stage. I was too shy to speak to him. I won’t be crashing the stage at the Scots gig because it will be far too civilised for that.”
 