THE robbers targeted Rox, Mappin and Webb, Laings of Glasgow and Lewis Grant, attempting to smash windows to gain entry to the Argyll Arcade jewellers. Video and pictures: Masked robbers wielding hammers and axes carry out raid on series of Glasgow jewellers in broad daylight - Daily Record 
A MASKED gang wielding hammers and axes raided a series of jewellery shops in broad daylight yesterday.
Shoppers saw four men smashing windows in the Argyll Arcade in Glasgow city centre at about 11.50am.
The robbers then threatened onlookers who were filming them as they ran off.
A security guard at the arcade, which is home to about 30 &shy;jewellers and diamond merchants selling goods worth millions, sustained a leg injury.
The robbers targeted Rox, Mappin and Webb, Laings of Glasgow and Lewis Grant , attempting to smash windows to gain entry.
They managed to enter only one – Rox – and grabbed a small quantity of items.
White smoke, which was released as part of the arcade’s security system, was seen belching out of the building as they fled.
As they emerged on to Buchanan Street clutching weapons and black sports bags, they threatened witnesses, warning them to get out of the way, as other shoppers looked on.
They were seen running off up a nearby lane.

Ian Black, 32, from Kilmarnock, was shopping in Buchanan Street when he saw the robbers legging it.
He said: “I heard the sirens, then I saw four guys running up, hoods, up and wearing scarves round about their faces.
“They came out of the arcade and then went down an alley right outside. One had an English accent.
“I actually heard him shouting ‘F***ing twos up’ when they were running out.One was holding an axe. There were crow bars and that.
“I looked and thought, ‘What the Dickens is going on?’ They ran out and then down a side alley.”
Jean Difelice, 55, from Glasgow, was window shopping in the arcade – Scotland’s first indoor shopping mall when it was built in 1827 – when the raiders struck.
She said: “It was utterly terrifying. I am still shaking all over.
“I was looking at the watches and the diamonds in Laings when these men with balaclavas and what looked like bats came storming in. It was like a nightmare.
“I got into Laings and they locked the doors and the next thing I can remember is the police arriving.
“I am in total shock. It is the sort of thing you never think will happen to you.”
Pregnant Marianne Wolloughby, 28, was working in jewellers James Porter and Son when the robbery took place.
She said: “I was upstairs in the shop when these guys came through so I just saw some people running past through the window.
“There was a lot of smoke and banging and smashing as they tried to get through the windows.
“It looks like they were using axes and bats or hammers. The windows at Rox and Laings were shattered but I don’t know if they got all the way in.
“People were absolutely terrified. There is a lot of valuable stock in these shops so you can understand why they would be a target.”
Video of the raid was posted in YouTube by Liam Dargie, from Perth.
He said: “Balaclavas, sledgehammers. No f***ing about.”
Witness Ann-Marie McMememy tweeted: “Got screamed at off four balaclavad men at Argyll Arcade that they would shoot me if I didn’t move.”
Calum Macaulay tweeted: “Was about to enter Fraser’s on Buchanan St and alarms were going off and blokes in balaclavas running from the heist.”
Natalie Kenna tweeted: “Walked straight into this.
“Masked gang armed with hammers tried to rob jewellery shops in Argyll Arcade.”
In a series of tweets, Paul Gray said: “Never seen anything like this – smoke, axes, hooded thugs, the works.
“(The robbers) just swore at the crowd “effing kill you all” and then ran down next alley.
“Saw a black sports bag but no idea what it contained. Still can’t believe what I saw at Argyll Arcade. I was only going to Greggs.”
Police interviewed witnesses including shop staff and were studying CCTV footage in a bid to trace the thugs.
The four suspects are all described as being slim and about 5ft 8in. They were all wearing dark or grey clothing.
Last night, Police Scotland said a white Volkswagen Golf has been &shy;recovered in St James Road, in &shy;Glasgow’s Townhead area.
They are trying to establish if it was the robbers’ getaway car.
 