EVERY A&E medic in Glasgow is to be given new training to help them save the lives of recreational drug users who have suffered serotonin toxicity. A&E medics to be given new training to save lives of recreational drug users EVERY A&E medic in Glasgow is to be given new training to help them save the lives of recreational drug users who have suffered serotonin toxicity.The move follows several deaths in the West of Scotland last year which police linked to Green Rolex tablets.Dealers have been known to pass off the pills as ecstasy but they are now believed to contain a lethal cocktail of toxic ingredients.Dr Richard Stevenson has been developing a system with the help of colleagues which is expected to be rolled out to all A&amp;E staff this year.He explained: &quot;We developed a protocol for treating recreational drug intoxication after the deaths from Green Rolex in 2013.&quot;There was advice on how to treat them but I developed a guidance pathway. We sent it around A&amp;E doctors for peer review. It was accepted.&quot;There's now a poster on the wall of every A&amp;E department in the west of Scotland. It's basically saying how to recognise it and what drugs to use.&quot;Dr Stevenson admits that many medics are &quot;unfamiliar&quot; with methods of treating serotonin toxicity.He said: &quot;Even though it's on the medical literature and there are quite a few papers about it, we had never seen it to the extremes that we'd seen in NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde. That's when it prompted me to develop a ready reference guide.&quot;Previously, what you had to do was go to a website, log in and it gives a list of what to do, or you could phone up. The poster gives you the drugs doses, the symptoms and other management factors on the wall so you can look at it straight away.&quot;You don't have a lot of time. Time is really of the essence for these people. You can't mess about here at all.&quot;Dr Stevenson believes the protocol has saved lives and he will now spearhead a new training programme for fellow doctors.He said: &quot;From speaking to colleagues, they said they have used the protocol and it has saved lives - they have managed to bring people back from the brink. We're getting it right now.&quot;We're much more aware, clinically, how to intervene quicker to try to save lives. Hopefully we'll see a fall again (in drug deaths) because we have become much more experienced and targeted in addressing that problem.&quot;We will now be going around the departments developing a proper training package for nursing staff and clinical staff, to educate them. There's a definite need for it.&quot;peter.swindon@eveningtimes.co.uk 