EDUCATION Secretary Mike Russell said aim of the project was to ensure better future for Scottish youngsters. Children's summit planned to improve services to young people in Scotland - Daily Record PLANS for a children's summit to help improve services for young people have been announced by the Scottish Government.
Education Secretary Mike Russell said the event would build on the &quot;reaffirmed desire of millions of Scots to participate in democracy&quot;.
Millions of Scots voted in last week's independence referendum, with 16 and 17-year-olds being allowed to take part in a nationwide ballot for the first time.
Russell, who was speaking at the Scottish Learning festival in Glasgow, said campaigners on both sides of the independence debate shared a &quot;fervent wish for a better future for our children&quot;.
Key to achieving that is the need for&nbsp;Scotland&nbsp;to &quot;move forward&quot; after the referendum, he said, so that the whole country could be involved in decision-making, &quot;including decisions that will improve life for children and young people in our own communities and beyond&quot;.
The Education Secretary said: &quot;To help that process on today I'm announcing a children's summit for&nbsp;Scotland.
&quot;Bringing together children, young people, those who support them and wider civic society, this gathering will, I hope, be the beginning of a process that will see a children and young people's conversation take place around the country - harnessing the renewed interest in positive, energising, consented improvement that we've seen over the last two years.&quot;
While he said the Scottish Government would stage the event, he added it was for those taking part in it to &quot;determine the most effective way to involve interested citizens at grassroots level in improving services for children and young people&quot;.
Russell added: &quot;Ultimately, the Children and Young People's Conversation will inform ministers and drive improvement in community services for children and young people.&quot;
Schools minister Alasdair Allan and children's minister Aileen Campbell have been asked to jointly oversee the process.
Russell added: &quot;The reaffirmed desire of millions of Scots to participate in democracy could help transform our country for the better - and&nbsp;Scotland's children and young people are rightly the main beneficiaries of this reawakened desire among the public to shape our national life.
&quot;The challenges we face - and the obstacles to overcoming them - didn't change last week.
&quot;Our ambition remains undimmed and the challenge to our communities is clear - do your part to help make Scotland&nbsp;the best place to grow up.&quot;
 