Glasgow-based company reports growth across all business divisions for the 2013 year to December Barrhead Travel reports 6% rise in annual profits Barrhead Travel reports 6% rise in annual profits - Daily Record Travel agent Barrhead Travel has reported a six per cent rise in annual pre-tax profits to &pound;1.81 million with growth recorded across all operations.
The Glasgow-based company said the gross value of sales in the 2013 year to December, as reported to travel association ABTA, rose by 23 per cent to &pound;192.1 million, lifting travel agency commissions more than five per cent to &pound;14.7 million.
Barrhead Travel notes in full-year results now filed with Companies House, an increase in the number of branches offering bureau de change lifted foreign currency sales 63 per cent year-on-year to &pound;18.3 million (2012; &pound;11.2 million).
Tour operator sales were also reported to have risen 63 per cent year on year to &pound;47.7 million.
Group turnover for the year was up 48 per cent on 2012 to &pound;80.8 million and administrative expenses rose nearly &pound;4 million on the previous year to &pound;20.4 million.
Staff costs rose by more than &pound;2 million on the previous year with the group having added another 72 staff in 2013, taking total average headcount to 605 at the year end.
The company notes it “invested heavily” in shops, staff, systems and infrastructure in the 2013 year, with five new shop openings and a further three moved to larger premises.
Barrhead also notes it was accepted as one of eight UK authorised Accredited Bodies with the Civil Aviation Authority, which will see Barrhead regulate parts of the ATOL scheme on its behalf.
Chief executive Sharon Munro said: “Over the last few years we have seen the steady transformation of Barrhead Travel into one of the major players in the UK travel industry with its continued growth and a strong and robust infrastructure underpinned by a motivated and purpose-driven management team.
“2013 was another year of progress in that journey and I remain confident the strategy we are pursuing will continue to generate growth and profits for the future.
“Although the economic environment remains challenging, Barrhead Travel's financial highlights point towards a business that is delivering long-term financial performance.”
&nbsp;
 