ROX jewellers revealed a number of high value watches including Hublot and Bell & Ross items with a value of £250,000 were swiped in the Argyll Arcade raid. Masked robbers wielding hammers and axes escaped with £250k of luxury watches after raid on Glasgow jewellery arcade - Daily Record 
MASKED thieves who used sledgehammers and an axe to rob a jewellery arcade escaped with over &pound;1/4 million of luxury watches, it has been revealed.
Four thugs left afternoon shoppers terrified as they rampaged through the Argyll Arcade in Glasgow on Wednesday.
 Police have confirmed that four stores - Mappin and Webb, Rox, Lewis Grant and Laings of Glasgow - were targeted during the raid . 
Rox has said a number of high value watches including Hublot and Bell &amp; Ross items with a value of &pound;250,000 had been swiped in the robbery.
 The arcade filled up with smoke from security devices as the balaclava-wearing thieves tried to smash their way into window displays using a haul of weapons. 
A spokesman for Rox said: “We can confirm that the store in the Argyll Arcade was targeted by armed robbers. Staff are badly shaken but thankfully no-one was hurt.

&nbsp;“A stock take is underway however, luxury watches from brands including Hublot and Bell &amp; Ross were taken.
“Initial estimates suggest that around &pound;250,000 of stock was taken.&nbsp;&nbsp; A full list of stock with serial numbers has been issued to the police.
&nbsp;“The store re-opened for business this morning and our main priority is the safety and well-being of our staff.
“We have employed a full-time security guard in the shop to give our staff, who are still badly shaken, extra peace of mind.
“The matter is now in the hands of the police and we have no further comment at this time.”
It is unclear whether items from other stores were also stolen.
Smoke filled the historic city centre mall as the gang triggered anti-raid alarms.
A security guard was rushed to hospital after being hit in the leg by one of the four thugs when they fled.
Their getaway, through thick smoke set, was captured on video by stunned shoppers who were warned that they would be killed unless they moved.

One gang member was heard to scream: “Out the way or I will kill you’se all.”
The drama unfolded at around 12.50pm as the arcade, known as the city’s jewellery quarter, started to fill up with lunch time patrons.
A further eye witness who filmed the getaway yesterday told the Record: “I was walking up Buchanan Street after having lunch when I heard the alarms going off and smoke coming out of the arcade so I pulled my phone out and started filming just as the guys came running out.
“One of them actually brushed past and pushed me away as he came by, he was shouting at people to get out of the way or he would kill them.
“For a split second I though that I could have grabbed the last one but I’m kind of glad I didn’t try anything now.”
Police have recovered a white Volkswagon Golf thought to be linked to the raid and detectives are studying CCTV from the area.
A Police Scotland spokeswoman said: “Inquires are ongoing.”
 