Four masked men who staged a daylight raid on several jewellers in Glasgow's Argyll Arcade on Tuesday escaped with £250,000 of watches, it has emerged. Armed men steal £250,000 of watches from Argyll Arcade in Glasgow Four masked men who staged a daylight raid on several jewellers in Glasgow's Argyll Arcade on Tuesday escaped with &pound;250,000 of watches, it has emerged.
Rox, which was the only store the men successfully robbed, said it had lost 18 high-value watches.
The men, who were armed with axes, burst into the arcade at about 12:45.
They failed in bids to rob Mappin and Webb, Laing and Lewis Grant, before escaping up a lane off Buchanan Street. Police inquiries are continuing. 
A spokesman for Rox said staff in the shop were &quot;badly shaken but thankfully no-one was hurt&quot;.
He said: &quot;A stock take is underway, however, luxury watches from brands including Hublot and Bell &amp; Ross were taken. 
&quot;Initial estimates suggest that around &pound;250,000 of stock was taken. A full list of stock with serial numbers has been issued to the police.&quot;
The spokesman added: &quot;The store re-opened for business this morning and our main priority is the safety and well-being of our staff. 
&quot;We have employed a full-time security guard in the shop to give our staff, who are still badly shaken, extra peace of mind.
&quot;The matter is now in the hands of the police and we have no further comment at this time.&quot;
The robbery took place at lunchtime and was photographed and filmed by many stunned shoppers in and around the arcade. 
The masked men entered from Argyle Street and ran through while trying to smash windows and grab stock.
A security guard sustained a leg injury after being pushed over. No-one else was hurt.
The raiders escaped from the Buchanan Street entrance, where footage shows them running down a lane.
Police said the four suspects are described as 5ft 8in tall and of slim build. All were wearing dark clothing. 
It is believed that they made off in a white hatchback vehicle. 
A white Volkswagen Golf was later recovered in St James Road, in the city's Townhead area, and inquiries are ongoing to establish if it is the vehicle involved.
Officers are speaking to witnesses and gathering CCTV images to establish more details on the four men responsible.
 