Council leaders are set to debate concerns about the presence of armed police officers on Scotland's streets. Armed police to be debated by council leaders Council leaders are set to debate concerns about the presence of armed police officers on Scotland's streets.
A report for the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities (Cosla) refers to a lack of consultation and the effect on the public's perception of the force.
Councillors in some areas have complained about the decision to allow the routine deployment of armed police.
Police Scotland says their deployment offers better protection to the public.
The approach was adopted across the country following its launch in April last year.
Some councils are worried the move will lead to an armed police force by the back door, BBC Scotland's local government correspondent Jamie McIvor said.
The Scottish Police Authority and HM Inspectorate of Constabulary in Scotland are currently scrutinising the policy.
Cosla, the umbrella group for Scottish councils, has been asked for its views as part of an internal review by Police Scotland.
A discussion paper to be presented to the group's members, seen by the BBC, said armed officers had &quot;recently become a matter of public concern&quot;.
A proposed Cosla position, to be put before members, suggests arming officers &quot;may contribute to a perception of a heavy-handed approach to policing, when seen alongside, for example, the apparent increased use of stop and search tactics&quot;.
Concerns have also been raised about councillors' ability to hold the police to account since the creation of a national force last year.
The report also suggests inviting Police Scotland Chief Constable Sir Stephen House to a meeting with council leaders.
It adds: &quot;Failing to respond to local elected representatives' concerns threatens the notion of 'policing by consent' - the valued principle whereby the public consent to police officers exercising their powers on the condition that the police must be able to explain and be accountable for their actions.&quot;
It follows concerns raised earlier this year by independent MSP and former Northern Constabulary officer John Finnie.
Highland councillors have also questioned the deployment of officers visibly carrying handguns in routine incidents in a region with low levels of violent crime.
Strathclyde Police, Tayside Police and Northern Constabulary allowed specialist officers to carry guns routinely before the creation of the new single force.
Police Scotland has said that it has 275 firearms officers - 1.6% of the force's personnel - and they are deployed on a shift pattern basis.
These specialist officers carry a Taser stun gun and a holstered handgun.
 