MASKED thieves who carried out an armed daylight raid on jewellery shops in Glasgow city centre escaped with £250,000 worth of watches its been revealed Glasgow armed robbers stole watches worth £250k MASKED thieves who carried out an armed daylight raid on jewellery shops in Glasgow city centre escaped with &pound;250,000 worth of watches its been revealed.

The attack took place in Argyll Arcade, off Buchanan Street, on Wednesday afternoon, when four men wearing balaclavas and wielding baseball bats and an axe attempted to shatter the windows of a number of jewellery shops.
The men escaped the scene with a number of watches taken from Rox. 
Confirming the theft, a spokesman for Rox said that staff were left badly shaken but no-one was hurt.
He added: “A stock take is underway, however, luxury watches from brands including Hublot and Bell &amp; Ross were taken. Initial estimates suggest that around &pound;250,000 of stock was taken. A full list of stock with serial numbers has been issued to the police.
“The store re-opened for business this morning and our main priority is the safety and well-being of our staff.”
He added that a full-time security guard had been employed in the shop to give staff “extra peace of mind.”
The thieves had fled the scene into Buchanan Street, past shoppers - some of whom captured the incident on video - and up a lane at the side of the Arcade building.
It is believed that they made off in a white Volkswagen Golf which was found abandoned in St James Road in the Townhead area of the city.
Police said yesterday that they were pleased with the public response so far and that their forensic officers were now focused on examining the car.
A police spokeswoman appealed for anyone with further information about the theft to come forward.
The Arcade Rox outlet was also hit in September last year, when a thief made off with a &pound;10,000 ring, while its shop in Edinburgh’s George Street was targeted by robbers in January last year, who took &pound;730,000 worth of jewels.
 