Scottish forward James McFadden is "waiting for the right offer" as he seeks a return to football. James McFadden: Free agent holds out for offer from 'right club'  Scottish forward James McFadden is &quot;waiting for the right offer&quot; as he seeks a return to football. 
 The 31-year-old left Motherwell in May, having returned to his first club in 2013. In between, he played for Everton twice, Birmingham City and Sunderland. 
 &quot;I'm still on the look-out for a club and keeping myself fit,&quot; said McFadden, who has 48 Scotland caps. 
 &quot;There's definitely a lot more football left in me and if I'm ever asked then I'm ready.&quot; 
2000-04: Motherwell, 32 goals
2004-08: Everton, 22 goals
2008-11: Birmingham City, 10 goals
2011-12: Everton, 0 goals
2012-13: Sunderland, 0 goals
2013-14: Motherwell, 10 goals
 McFadden revealed he has had offers from home and abroad. 
 &quot;I've had a few offers here, there and everywhere,&quot; he explained on BBC Radio Scotland's Sportsound programme. 
 &quot;I'm just kind of weighing them up and seeing what the best one is for myself football-wise but also my family as well, I've got to take them into consideration. 
 &quot;I've spoken to a couple of teams in Scotland. For one reason or another, it's not been the right thing for me. I'll keep my options open and hopefully make my decision soon. 
 &quot;Most of the offers have been from abroad but they've not excited me too much and I'm quite indecisive so I'm holding off for something that will excite me. 
 &quot;I'm going to have to get back playing. I miss playing. I'm training away and I feel really good so the sooner I get back playing the better but I don't want to rush in to something that I might regret.&quot; 
 Although McFadden enjoyed his second spell at Fir Park, he felt the summer was &quot;probably the right time to move on&quot;. 
 He last featured for Scotland in 2010 and has scored 15 goals for the national team. 
 And, when asked if he could see himself returning to the international fold, McFadden replied: &quot;First and foremost, I need to get a club and then I need to play to the level that I can play, consistently. 
 &quot;I feel fit, strong and ready to go and if I can get a good run of games, as long as I'm playing the way that I can play then you never know. 
 &quot;I'll just have to take it one step at a time.&quot; 
 