Helensburgh Ladies and gents teams faced a number of tough oppositions to rack up a number of wins for the club Busy weekend for Helensburgh Tennis Club as members secure a number of victories - Daily Record In their penultimate match of the season, Helensburgh first ladies played hosts to division leaders Virgin Active Lanarkshire and, after a very closely contested match, the honours were equally divided with a 3-3 draw.
Both visiting pairs were extremely consistent, retrieving balls from all over the court, but the extra pace and serving prowess of Karrie Walters and Yolande Trewhella at first couple was just enough to see them collect all three sets 6-2, 6-4, 6-2.
The second pair, Suzanne Marshall and Liz Wylie, also fought hard but, with Liz suffering from a shoulder injury, they couldn’t impose their game and went down in all three sets.
The ladies fourth team were in top form as they played host to Whitecraigs. At first couple, Janette Howieson and Jane Chambers wasted no time in wrapping up their match 6–2, 6–3, 6–1.
Shona Bulloch and Cath Gemmell at second couple went down 1-4 in the first set, but came back with their strong shots and took the set to a tiebreak. With Cath’s penetrating volleys at the net and Shona’s hard-hitting groundstrokes, they took the first set 7-6. Pumped up after their thrilling opening set they went on to take the next two 6–1, 6–3.
The men’s first team continue their difficult season in the top division playing host to Broomhill and failed to take a set. Almost every game went to deuce but the home team couldn’t find enough winning shots.
They travelled to Glasgow last Sunday to play Weir Recreation on one of the last remaining blaes courts still in use. It was always going to be difficult and number one pair Bobby Kerr and Alistair Hope lost the opening set. They took the next 7–5 but missed out in the third. At second couple, Iain MacLaren and Bill Ram took their opening set 6–4 but lost the next two.
The ladies second team had a tough match against Newlands. Suzanne Marshall and Sue Scott at first couple had to fight to stay in the opening set but took it 7–6. They managed to keep up the pressure by taking the second set 6–3 but Newlands grabbed a consolation set 2–6. Mhairi Stevenson and Joanne Crumless also had to work to take their opening set 7–5. The Helensburgh pair also too the next two 6–3, 6–3 to give the team a 5–1 win.
The ladies third team were at home to Stepps. Second couple Joyce Buchanan and Rona Foster cruised to a 6–0, 6–2, 6–1 win while first couple Morag Cawley and Alison Fotheringham were on court for what seemed hours. They took the opening set 6–4 but struggled in the second until they managed a break of serve at 5–5 and went on to secure the set.
The final set went to a tiebreak. At 5–5 in the tiebreak, Alison hit what she thought was a winning shot only to see the ball come back and hit the line. At match point for Newlands, Morag served an ace to keep their hopes alive but it was not to be as the visitors held on and took the next two points. The final score was a 5–1 win.
 