All 12 staff from radiator and cooler specialist MSL Heat Transfer will now move over to Glacier Energy Services Glacier Energy Services snaps up MSL Heat Transfer in seven-figure deal Glacier Energy Services snaps up MSL Heat Transfer in seven-figure deal - Daily Record Glacier Energy Services has acquired Aberdeen-based radiator and cooler specialist MSL Heat Transfer for an undisclosed sum.
The energy service group said this latest acquisition – its sixth to date – will see it reorganise to augment its increased service offering.
All 12 MSL Heat Transfer staff will now move over to Glacier Energy Services.
The deal, believed to be worth a seven-figure sum, takes the total value of acquisition to date to circa &pound;15 million.
Glacier said the acquisition of MSL Heat Transfer compliments its 2013 acquisition Ross Offshore, a specialist in heat exchanger repair and refurbishment services.
Scott Martin, executive chairman of Glacier Energy Services, said: “The group has developed into a significant partner for operators and major service companies worldwide, fuelling our growth strategy.
“Our divisions provide vital engineering services in support of major capex and opex projects – specialist services vital to the safe operation of assets and energy infrastructure globally.
“Our customers raise an issue and our teams, renowned for their expertise and ability to develop bespoke solutions onsite or in the workshop, provide the fix.
“Rationalising the six businesses within Glacier into four divisions allows us to focus their efforts on further developing our strong reputation, which has been built on the capability of our highly experienced people to deliver for our clients.”
Glacier Energy Services, formed in 2011, has a staff of 215, with group turnover for the financial year 2014 expected to exceed &pound;25million. Its businesses operate from industrial premises in Aberdeen, Glasgow, Dalgety Bay and Methil in Fife, Newcastle and Singapore.
The group supports operators and service companies on projects from commissioning through the full in-operations lifecycle of oil and gas platforms and vessels, windfarms and infrastructure.
 