A man is facing a life sentence after being convicted of murdering his brother at a flat in Glasgow. Peter Moore guilty of murdering brother Derek in Glasgow A man is facing a life sentence after being convicted of murdering his brother at a flat in Glasgow.
Father-of-two Peter Moore, 28, from Bonhill, West Dunbartonshire, fatally stabbed 25-year-old Derek Moore at the flat in the Govan area on 3 January.
The High Court in Glasgow heard that the victim was stabbed four times and had a total of 75 injuries to his body.
Deferring sentence, judge Lady Wolffe told Moore he was &quot;looking at a substantial custodial sentence&quot;.
The judge said: &quot;You have been convicted of one of the most serious crimes that can be committed in this country.&quot;
Moore had denied murdering his brother and claimed Derek Moore had started the fight.
The court heard that on a previous occasion Derek Moore had broken his brother's jaw. 
That fight took place in front of a six-year-old boy, who was also present at the early stages of the fatal fight before being taken away by his mother. 
Moore's partner Ashley Picken, 24, told of how she was woken up by the sound of the brothers arguing and fighting. 
When asked how Derek Moore had been earlier that night she replied: &quot;He was angry.&quot; 
She told prosecutor Paul Kearney: &quot;I looked out into the hallway and I saw Peter standing over Derek with a knife in his hand hitting Derek. He was hitting Derek in the legs and the side of his body with the knife. 
&quot;Derek was lying down on the floor on his back.&quot; 
Moore later told police: &quot;When we fight, we fight for hours. I can't remember arguing with him. He's pure evil when he's been drinking. He started it.&quot; 
He also said: &quot;I said I wasn't going to fight with him again.&quot; 
The court was told that the fatal stab wound which caused massive internal bleeding was to Mr Moore's abdomen. 
Moore, who has a number of previous convictions, including some for violence, did not give evidence during the trial.
 