McTear’s Marie Curie Family Raceday with Mr Men & Little Miss will see Hamilton Park sign off the season in style – and it’s not just by backing winners on the track that the crowd on the day can earn a few extra pennies. Hamilton Park Racecourse family raceday with Mr Men and Little Miss - Daily Record Race-goers will be bidding for a great afternoon out at Hamilton Park with McTear’s Auctioneers backing the final fixture of the season on September bank holiday Monday.
McTear’s Marie Curie Family Raceday with Mr Men &amp; Little Miss will see Hamilton Park sign off the season in style – and it’s not just by backing winners on the track that the crowd on the day can earn a few extra pennies.
McTear’s Auctioneers will host an auction and provide the valuation service for anyone coming along to the racing, so people can cash in on their clocks, profit from pictures or make money from jewellery items, furniture and rare collectable whiskies. All that is needed to get a valuation on the day is bring the item itself or a photo of the item, which can even be displayed simply as an image on a smart phone or tablet device.
Auctioneers from McTear’s, including Natasha Raskin of Bargain Hunt fame, will offer the service at this unique valuation opportunity and great day out combined to help raise money for Marie Curie Cancer Care, Hamilton Park’s chosen charity for the season.
The racecourse pledged to raise &pound;19,000 in 2014 to help fund a community nurse for a year in Lanarkshire and, after a number of successful initiatives and events, has already reached the &pound;17,000 mark.
Vivien Kyles, Hamilton Park chief executive, said: “Our final fixture of the season has so much to offer and now, thanks to the support of McTear’s Auctioneers, some of our race goers might just strike it lucky if they bring along a hidden treasure or two – or even just a picture of the item.
“All of this activity will help us in our efforts to reach the magical &pound;19,000 figure for Marie Curie Cancer Care to help fund a nurse in Scotland. We’ve had so much support from sponsors, race goers and our own staff and their contributions will make a great difference.
“Of course, being a bank holiday Monday which always offers fun and value for families, there is plenty for the kids to do as well with the presence of various Mr Men and Little Miss special guests adding plenty of colour and entertainment. It promises to be a brilliant day out for all.”
McTear’s Auctioneers and Valuers, based in Glasgow, have been valuing and auctioning items for more than 170 years and are one of the largest independent auction houses in the UK.
On the day McTear’s will be available to value items or photos of any works of art, jewellery, watches, ceramics, glass, furniture, clocks, scientific instruments, silver, pictures and rare collectable whiskies, with expert auctioneers on hand.
Brian Clements, managing director at McTear’s, said: “It is a real privilege to link up with Hamilton Park to help raise funds for Marie Curie, a charity we have supported for several years. We hope it will be a really busy day and look forward to making some good discoveries.”
There is plenty of action on the track too with seven races on a busy afternoon card. Gates open at noon, first race is at 2.10pm and last race of the 2014 season is at 5.10pm. Tickets for McTear’s Marie Curie Family Raceday with Mr Men &amp; Little Miss are priced from &pound;13 for adults, if booked online and in advance via www.hamilton-park.co.uk, while under-18s enjoy free entry (under-16s must be accompanied by a paying adult).
 