FIRST Minister Alex Salmond announces £11million investment in firm's customer service and IT divisions. More than 200 new jobs to be created in Glasgow by business service company Capita - Daily Record MORE than 200 new jobs will be created in Glasgow by one of the country's largest private sector employers, the First Minister has announced.
Almost &pound;11million will be invested to expand Capita plc, which already employs around 5000 people in&nbsp;Scotland&nbsp;in areas including IT, telecoms, utilities and financial services.
The organisation plans to invest almost &pound;5million expanding Capita Customer Management Ltd (CCM) and a further &pound;6million growing its IT services division.
The company's investment is also aided by two grants from public body Scottish Enterprise totalling &pound;1.24million.
Alex Salmond met with the firm's business development director Gordon Lee as part of a programme of business engagement during the Ryder Cup.
Salmond said: &quot;Scotland's performance in the finance and business sector continues to go from strength to strength and Capita's multimillion-pound investment is further evidence of the confidence in our workforce.
&quot;International companies estimate general cost savings of around 30-40 per cent can be achieved in&nbsp;Scotland&nbsp;when comparing similar operational, property and employment costs to London. In fact, the most recent Ernst and Young survey revealed&nbsp;Scotland&nbsp;once again as the top destination in the UK for foreign direct investment, outperforming every other part of the UK.
&quot;Capita, as one of our largest employers, already employ thousands of people across&nbsp;Scotland&nbsp;and I welcome their commitment to create an additional 200 jobs in Glasgow and the number of other ventures planned in coming years.&quot;
Lee said: &quot;Our presence in&nbsp;Scotland&nbsp;has grown significantly in the last few years and this investment demonstrates Capita's continued focus in the country.
&quot;We look forward to building on this, helping our customers transform their business delivery, creating even more jobs in the future and supporting local communities over the coming years.&quot;

 