Ronny Deila challenged his fringe men to step up after Celtic were held to a 1-1 draw at home by Motherwell. Celtic: Ronny Deila disappointed with his fringe players in draw  Ronny Deila challenged his fringe men to step up after Celtic were held to a 1-1 draw at home by Motherwell. 
 The Norwegian started the game with Scott Brown, Kris Commons and Craig Gordon on the bench, and nearly paid the price when John Sutton gave the visitors a half-time lead. 
 Both Commons and Brown were introduced at the break, with the former scoring from the spot to secure a point. 
 &quot;We can't rely on Scott and Kris all the time,&quot; Deila told BBC Scotland. 
 &quot;We need more people to step up to be leaders out there. It was too passive and too little movement. 
 &quot;Kris and Scott were good subs, they created more movement and more energy and we created more chances. 
 &quot;I want to play the best players as often as possible but we had injuries. But, it went well today for both of them so that's good and they are ready for Wednesday.&quot; 
 Motherwell have not won at Celtic Park since 2008 but after Sutton gave them a shock lead the Celtic defence continued to live a charmed life. 
 The home side were vastly improved after the break and had enough chances to win the game. 
 &quot;We played a very bad first half,&quot; said Deila. &quot;We didn't get any tempo in the play and we didn't create any chances, and conceded a stupid goal as well. 
 “In the end the result is disappointing but I'm satisfied with the second half” 
 &quot;That was very bad but I think the second half was much better. We could have had one more. 
 &quot;In the end the result is disappointing but I'm satisfied with the second half. We should have had more width to our play so we could have had more crosses into the box.&quot; 
 Despite his criticism of the performance, Deila says he will give his new signings time to settle in. 
 He said: &quot;I think John [Guidetti] worked hard for the 75 minutes he was on, that was good. Alex [Tonev] needs time, he hasn't played for a long, long time. He needs matches.&quot; 
 