THE 48-year-old victim of the attack, Haroun Rashid Cole, was targeted at his Posh Nosh cafe in Maryhill Road. Acid-throwing maniac hunted by police after horror assault on Glasgow cafe owner - Daily Record An ACID-THROWING maniac was being hunted by police last night after a horror attack on a cafe owner.
The 48-year-old victim, dad-of-three Haroun Rashid Cole, was targeted at his Posh Nosh cafe and takeaway.
He was rushed to hospital after the assault, which happened at 8.20am as the business opened for trade.
An ambulance, police and Fire and Rescue investigators were called to the scene at 86 Maryhill Road, in Glasgow’s St George’s Cross.
Rashid is originally from Sierra Leone in west Africa but has been in Scotland for many years.
 

The premises were sealed off by police to allow a full investigation to take place.
Detectives were last night thought to be checking public and private CCTV images from the area.
One businesswoman said she had seen a “suspicious” white man in the area.
She added: “It is terrible that someone would target Rashid like this.
“On Thursday afternoon, I warned my staff to be on their guard because I saw a man loitering outside my shop. He was in the area for 20 minutes.
“He was acting suspiciously. He was white and had scars running down each cheek.”
Rashid managed to avoid the acid as it was thrown but was left shaken by the attack.
 

Anne and Gordon Brown run the Pastimes shop nearby. Anne said: “Rashid is a friend to us. He pops in now and again. He has three children and his wife Eva is a senior nurse.
“I have no idea why anyone would want to do this to him.”
Gordon said: “I can’t think that this could be a racist attack. This area is very cosmopolitan with all races represented.
“Rashid has been in the area for some years, and the business is well established and well-used.
“Rashid does have other business interests. He has run other food outlets and has let flats for rent. But I can’t think why anyone would target him.”
Leo So-Silva, who runs a beauty salon nearby, said: “Rashid is a nice guy, though he’s not slow to voice his opinions. But this is Glasgow after all.”
Another local man said: “He can be abrasive, and he is a big guy, but why someone would want to do this I have no idea.”
Police are thought to be following a definite line of inquiry.
 