AMERICAN alt-rocker targets security guard at flawless and funny gig in Glasgow. Don't mess with Ryan Adams - or you could end up in one of his songs - Daily Record ONE of the things about Ryan Adams’ Glasgow concerts is there’s always a spontaneous song about something that’s happened on the night.
And another thing is these songs are always brilliant.
An unlucky security guard was the subject of the off-the-cuff composition on Thursday, after the American alt-rocker decided he’d been unduly harsh on him earlier in the show for flashing a torch at standing fans trying to record songs on their phones.
And so Security Guy Stage Right was born - verse, chorus and repeat - in a full improvised performance from the five-piece band complete with note-perfect harmony.
“They don’t know what else to do with their hands anymore,” he sang to the unresponsive officer, reducing his audience and band to stitches.
When Adams last played Glasgow, two years ago at the 02 Academy, he ordered all phones off and publicly shamed offenders, stopping and chiding mid-song.
Not so now.&nbsp;Cameras were aloft from the chugging-guitars of opener Gimme Something Good, off eponymous new LP, to the spine-tingle harmonica of &nbsp;finale Come Pick Me Up.
This was intense, flawless and, occasionally, very funny. You can’t blame them for wanting to share it.
Playing to a concert hall with seats taken out to create standing room and an atmosphere it rarely achieves, Adams stood before &nbsp;an American flag emblazoned with the peace sign, leaving his audience to draw their own conclusions on his thoughts about that day’s US military manoeuvres.
New tracks such as Kim show he still knows how to write jangling, hook-laden songs lost from the soundtrack to some classic 1980s John Hughes movie, but the richest moments came when his band were only barely there.
The flawless I Love You But I Don’t Know What To Say , Why Do They Leave and gorgeously reconstructed &nbsp;versions of Fix It and 13 year old hit New York New York sounded as fresh as if they’d also just been written on the night.
Even Security Guy Stage Right would be hard-pushed to disagree.
 