Stuart Hogg crossed twice as Glasgow Warriors claimed a bonus-point win and inflicted Connacht's first Pro12 defeat of the season. Glasgow Warriors 39-21 Connacht Glasgow Warriors (17) 39
Tries: Hogg 2, Pyrgos, Van der Merwe, Bennett.
Pens: Weir 2 Cons: Weir 4
Connacht (7) 21
Tries: McSharry, Leader, penalty try
Cons: Porter 3
 Stuart Hogg crossed twice as Glasgow Warriors claimed a bonus-point win and inflicted Connacht's first Pro12 defeat of the season. 
 Hogg and Henry Pyrgos went over for the Warriors before half-time, Dave McSharry getting Connacht's first try. 
 Another Hogg score preceded Darragh Leader's touchdown for the visitors. 
 DTH van der Merwe's try was quickly followed by a penalty try for the Irish province but Mark Bennett added a fifth score for Glasgow. 
 Gregor Townsend's men make it four wins out of four in the league and their second bonus point of the campaign takes them onto 18 overall, leaving them top before Ospreys visit Munster on Saturday. 
 Glasgow, with captain and Scotland international Al Kellock back following shoulder surgery, were forceful in the first half but in-form Connacht displayed the kind of defensive prowess that has restricted Dragons, Edinburgh and Leinster so far this season. 
 However, the first indication that the Irish province's winning run may not be extended arrived in the shape a of Hogg try. 
 The full-back received wide from a scrum and ran in, with Weir adding the conversion from around 35 yards. 
 Connacht tried to respond and a break led by Jack Carty was only disrupted by Sean Lamont's interception. 
 But a poor Glasgow kick gave Connacht a way in and McSharry took full advantage. Porter converted. 
 A Weir penalty put Glasgow back into the lead and, after Pyrgos charged down a Leader kick to force the hosts' second try, the fly-half added another two points. 
 The Warriors really found their stride at the start of the second half, despite stubborn Connacht resistance, and continued to add points. 
 A superb move ended with Mark Bennett off-loading for Hogg to run in. Weir missed his conversion attempt on this occasion. 
 But Connacht would not be overwhelmed by the increased gap and capitalised on some poor Glasgow defensive play to claim their second score with Leader going over. Porter added the extras. 
 Tim Swinson stole possession to set off a move that would secure Glasgow's bonus point as a superb Pyrgos pass put Van der Merwe in under the posts. Weir converted. 
 Still Connacht would not give in and their driving mauls and resulting scrum five metres out eventually forced the penalty try. Porter added another two points. 
 Weir responded with a successful penalty but Glasgow soon found themselves under pressure again. 
 However, Bennett showed opportunism as he intercepted a Connacht pass and made an 80m run for the line to take Glasgow's try tally to five. Weir kicked well to open up the 18-point winning margin. 
  Glasgow:  Hogg, S. Lamont, Bennett, Downey, van der Merwe, Weir, Pyrgos, Reid, MacArthur, Murray, Swinson, Kellock, Harley, Fusaro, Ashe. 
  Replacements:  Russell for Downey (68), McConnell for Pyrgos (76), Yanuyanutawa for Reid (68), Bryce for MacArthur (68), Ryder for Kellock (49), Eddie for Harley (65). Not Used: de Klerk, Seymour. 
  Connacht:  D. Leader, Poolman, Henshaw, McSharry, Healy, Carty, Porter, Buckley, Heffernan, Ah You, Swift, Muldowney, Muldoon, McKeon, Naoupu. 
  Replacements:  Ronaldson for McSharry (53), Carr for Healy (48), J. Cooney for Porter (72), White for Buckley (58), Delahunt for Heffernan (77), Loughney for Ah You (58), Kearney for Swift (48), Roux for McKeon (68). 
  Att:  5,821. 
  Ref:  Claudio Blessano (Italy). 
 