FOR more than 100 years, Scotland's Champion has been the paper of Record for the events that shaped us as a people - as our new TV ad demonstrates. Take a look at it here. The Record of the moment: New prime-time TV ad captures what makes our nation special - Daily Record 
SCOTLAND’S champion has captured the moments that make our nation special with our dazzling new prime-time TV advert.
For more than a century, the Daily Record has recorded the events that have shaped us as a people, from our sporting hopes and achievements to stories of triumph over adversity and a lot more besides.
You can judge for yourself how great our new TV ad is when it is screened on STV during a break in The X Factor at 8.45pm tonight – and during Downton Abbey tomorrow.
We’re sure it will grab your attention and put a smile on your face too.
It includes a hypnotic soundtrack provided by Scottish &shy;electronic trio Atom Tree and a voiceover that sums up our lives together in Scotland.
 

It says: “This is the record of our love, the record of our taste, the record of our lobster skin and chances that we waste, the record of our highs, the record of our lows.
“The record of our moment – we’d do it all again.”
We’re proud of our Scottish roots stretching back to 1895 but the advert reflects how your favourite newspaper moves with the times.
These days, many of you aren’t just buying Scotland’s favourite newspaper from your local newsagent or having it delivered, you’re also devouring our unique online coverage on our website dailyrecord.co.uk
 

And you’re accessing our news, sport and video content on tablets, iPads, computers and mobile phones.
That’s why more than five million people a month log on to dailyrecord.co.uk to catch up on the stories all of Scotland is talking about.
Advertising agency The Union delivered the concept for our ad.
 

Their managing director Kyle Hardie said: “Part of the fabric of life in Scotland, the Daily Record is one of our great brands. And like any great brand, it has evolved with its customers.
“The reality of life today is that we’re always ‘on’. We’re looking for insightful news, views, sport and entertainment, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
“That’s exactly what the Record delivers.”
 

It’s the first part of a campaign that will reach everyone in Scotland via traditional media and social networks.
If you’re in Glasgow today, you’ll find Record reader Wendy reading her paper in a bath on Buchanan Street.
Our social media pod will also be seen in the coming weeks outside football matches, in &shy;shopping centres and at events across the nation.
WE want you to share your moments with the Daily Record. All you need to do is take a selfie – and you’ll have the chance to win &pound;500.
You could be on a laptop at work, reading your phone while walking the dog or enjoying our print edition on top of Ben Nevis. It’s up to you.
 

Our social media pod will be at Scotland’s biggest events in October – including the Great Scottish Run and Scotland’s Euro 2016 qualifier with Georgia at Ibrox Stadium.
You can post your moment on Facebook to TheScottishDailyRecord, tweet to @Daily_Record #ROTM or Instagram The_Daily_Record. Closing date is November 7. Best entries will be posted on www.dailyrecord.co.uk
 