Queen's Park moved up to fifth place in Scottish League Two after defeating Berwick Rangers to extend their unbeaten run to three games.    Wharton 19′  Burns 29′  
 Queen's Park moved up to fifth place in Scottish League Two after defeating Berwick Rangers to extend their unbeaten run to three games. 
 Bryan Wharton fired the Spiders into a 19th-minute lead with a stunning low strike. 
 Sean Burns added a second 10 minutes later, curling in an effort after fine play between Chris Duggan and Shaun Rooney. 
 Berwick squandered several chances to narrow the lead. 
 After Berwick substitute Ross Gray tested Willie Muir, Paul Currie blazed a half-volley over the top and Stephen Tulloch headed wide from close range. 
 David MacGregor missed an opportunity to add a third late on. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Queen's Park 2, Berwick Rangers 0. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Queen's Park 2, Berwick Rangers 0. 
 Attempt missed. Lee Currie (Berwick Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Vincent Berry (Queen's Park) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Stephen Tulloch. 
  Booking  Darren Miller (Queen's Park) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Shaun Rooney (Queen's Park). 
 Scott Dalziel (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Andrew Russell went off injured after Berwick Rangers had used all subs. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Queen's Park. Ross McPherson replaces Ciaran McElroy. 
 Andrew Russell (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Bryan Wharton (Queen's Park). 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by David MacGregor. 
 Attempt missed. Andrew Russell (Berwick Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Attempt missed. David MacGregor (Queen's Park) right footed shot from the right side of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Chris Duggan (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Devon Jacobs (Berwick Rangers). 
  Booking  Devon Jacobs (Berwick Rangers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Scott Dalziel. 
 Chris Duggan (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Stephen Tulloch (Berwick Rangers). 
 Foul by Chris Duggan (Queen's Park). 
 Stephen Tulloch (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Queen's Park. Shaun Fraser replaces Sean Burns. 
 Shaun Rooney (Queen's Park) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Scott Dalziel (Berwick Rangers). 
 Foul by Kyle Chalmers (Queen's Park). 
 Paul Currie (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Queen's Park. Kyle Chalmers replaces Paul Woods. 
 Attempt saved. Kerr Young (Berwick Rangers) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by Darren Miller. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Berwick Rangers. Scott Dalziel replaces Craig Dargo. 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by Bryan Wharton. 
 Attempt missed. Sean Burns (Queen's Park) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Booking  Stephen Tulloch (Berwick Rangers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by William Muir. 
 Attempt saved. Andrew Russell (Berwick Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt missed. Stephen Tulloch (Berwick Rangers) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by David MacGregor. 
 Attempt missed. Paul Willis (Berwick Rangers) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is too high. 
 Paul Woods (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Kerr Young (Berwick Rangers). 
 Attempt missed. Craig Dargo (Berwick Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Conor McVey (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ross Gray (Berwick Rangers). 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by David MacGregor. 
 Attempt saved. Chris Duggan (Queen's Park) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Andrew Russell (Berwick Rangers) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Foul by Darren Miller (Queen's Park). 
 Lee Currie (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Bryan Wharton (Queen's Park) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Steven Notman. 
   Second Half begins Queen's Park 2, Berwick Rangers 0. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Berwick Rangers. Andrew Russell replaces David Gold. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Queen's Park 2, Berwick Rangers 0. 
 Attempt missed. Craig Dargo (Berwick Rangers) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Ciaran McElroy (Queen's Park) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Ciaran McElroy (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Steven Notman (Berwick Rangers). 
 Attempt saved. Steven Notman (Berwick Rangers) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the right is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Ciaran McElroy (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Steven Notman (Berwick Rangers). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Berwick Rangers. Ross Gray replaces Scott Maxwell because of an injury. 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by Darren Miller. 
  Goal!  Goal! Queen's Park 2, Berwick Rangers 0. Sean Burns (Queen's Park) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Chris Duggan. 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by Darren Miller. 
  Goal!  Goal! Queen's Park 1, Berwick Rangers 0. Bryan Wharton (Queen's Park) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. 
 Foul by Kerr Young (Berwick Rangers). 
 Paul Woods (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Steven Notman (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Ross Gallacher (Queen's Park). 
 Attempt missed. Paul Willis (Berwick Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by Darren Miller. 
 Attempt blocked. Paul Currie (Berwick Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 