Partick Thistle hope there is nothing serious to fear after a pre-existing knee problem ended Kallum Higginbotham's game against Kilmarnock. Injury worries for Partick Thistle after defeat by Kilmarnock  Partick Thistle hope there is nothing serious to fear after a pre-existing knee problem ended Kallum Higginbotham's game against Kilmarnock. 
 The English winger was subbed at half-time of the 3-0 defeat at Rugby Park and entered the stands with crutches. 
 Defender Danny Seabourne also picked up an injury 
 &quot;He's [Higginbotham] as had a wee knee problem for a wee while actually but he's been okay,&quot; Thistle manager Alan Archibald told BBC Scotland. 
 &quot;Today it just flared up, hopefully it'll be fine. 
 &quot;Danny's got a massive gash above his eye and couldn't see out it, so had to come off.&quot; 
&quot;When it went to 2-0 I thought a lot of the lads didn't stand up and be counted or look to get on the ball and try to get back in the game. Today, in the second half it wasn't good enough&quot;
 Ex-Motherwell and Falkirk player Higginbotham has been a crucial presence in Thistle's side this season, scoring twice and setting up goals on a few occasions. 
 As for the game Ayrshire, the Jags were swept aside by Killie. Two Tope Obadeyi goals and a header from captain Manuel Pascali dealt with Thistle, who were less of a threat as the match wore on. 
 Kris Doolan hit a close-range effort straight off Killie goalkeeper Craig Samson and Ryan Stevenson struck the bar from 25 yards in the opening half-hour, but thereafter the Maryhill men fell out the game. 
 &quot;I thought it was quite an even first half,&quot; said Archibald. 
 &quot;We missed a good chance and they took theirs. We lost a killer goal in the second half from the corner which was really poor from our point of view. 
 &quot;Goals change games and they got theirs and it gave them a lift. We probably had the better chances in the first half but Kilmarnock were more clinical. 
 &quot;When it went to 2-0 I thought a lot of the lads didn't stand up and be counted or look to get on the ball and try to get back in the game. 
 &quot;Today, in the second half it wasn't good enough.&quot; 
 Thistle will seek to right that wrong against Motherwell on Saturday, with the North Lanarkshire side reeling after a 4-0 defeat by Hamilton Academical. 
 