Player-manager Barry Ferguson made his Clyde debut but could not prevent Annan Athletic secure a draw that leaves the hosts bottom of Scottish League Two.    Smith 39′  
  Weatherson 52′ (pen)  
 Player-manager Barry Ferguson made his Clyde debut but could not prevent Annan Athletic secure a draw that leaves the hosts bottom of Scottish League Two. 
 New signing Alan Martin made a fine save to deny Peter Weatherson an opener for the visitors. 
 Euan Smith took advantage of some poor defending to fire Clyde into a 1-0 lead at the interval. 
 Annan levelled from the penalty spot four minutes through Weatherson four minutes after Ferguson was substituted. 
 Substitute Derek Carcary had been fouled in the box. 
 Clyde wasted a great chance to secure their first win since the start of August when Scott McManus fired over the top in the 75th minute. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Clyde 1, Annan Athletic 1. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Clyde 1, Annan Athletic 1. 
  Booking  Brian McQueen (Clyde) is shown the yellow card. 
 Derek Carcary (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Brian McQueen (Clyde). 
 Corner, Annan Athletic. Conceded by Brian McQueen. 
 Corner, Annan Athletic. Conceded by Kevin Watt. 
 Foul by Aidan Mcilduff (Clyde). 
 Kieran Brannan (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Attempt missed. David Gray (Clyde) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Annan Athletic. Scott Davidson replaces Stuart McColm. 
 Attempt missed. Peter Weatherson (Annan Athletic) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Foul by Aidan Mcilduff (Clyde). 
 Kieran Brannan (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Stephen O'Donnell (Clyde). 
 Josh Todd (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Craig Halkett (Clyde) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Derek Carcary (Annan Athletic). 
 Hand ball by Derek Carcary (Annan Athletic). 
 Attempt missed. Scott McManus (Clyde) left footed shot from very close range is just a bit too high. 
 Attempt missed. Scott McManus (Clyde) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner. 
 Steven Black (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Scott McManus (Clyde). 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Martin McNiff. 
 Aidan Mcilduff (Clyde) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Kieran Brannan (Annan Athletic). 
 Foul by Aidan Mcilduff (Clyde). 
 Kieran Brannan (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. Kevin Watt replaces Scott Ferguson because of an injury. 
 Foul by Stephen O'Donnell (Clyde). 
 Kieran Brannan (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Booking  Andy Gibson (Clyde) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Andy Gibson (Clyde). 
 Stuart McColm (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Annan Athletic. Kieran Brannan replaces Steven Logan because of an injury. 
 Scott McManus (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Peter Watson (Annan Athletic). 
 Foul by Stephen O'Donnell (Clyde). 
 Steven Logan (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Andy Gibson (Clyde) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Scott Durie (Clyde) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Stuart McColm (Annan Athletic). 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 1, Annan Athletic 1. Peter Weatherson (Annan Athletic) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom right corner. 
 Penalty conceded by Brian McQueen (Clyde) after a foul in the penalty area. 
 Penalty Annan Athletic. Derek Carcary draws a foul in the penalty area. 
 Attempt missed. Scott Ferguson (Clyde) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. David Gray replaces Barry Ferguson. 
 Attempt missed. Peter Weatherson (Annan Athletic) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Foul by Barry Ferguson (Clyde). 
 Josh Todd (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
   Second Half begins Clyde 1, Annan Athletic 0. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. Brian McQueen replaces David Marsh. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Annan Athletic. Derek Carcary replaces David Hopkirk. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Clyde 1, Annan Athletic 0. 
 Barry Ferguson (Clyde) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Steven Logan (Annan Athletic). 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Peter Watson. 
 Attempt saved. Steven Logan (Annan Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 1, Annan Athletic 0. Euan Smith (Clyde) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Scott Ferguson. 
 Andy Gibson (Clyde) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Stuart McColm (Annan Athletic). 
 Attempt missed. Scott Ferguson (Clyde) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Aidan Mcilduff (Clyde) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Ryan McStay (Annan Athletic). 
 Attempt saved. Peter Weatherson (Annan Athletic) right footed shot from very close range is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by David Marsh (Clyde). 
 Ryan McStay (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Peter Watson (Annan Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Annan Athletic. Conceded by Stephen O'Donnell. 
 Steven Black (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Stephen O'Donnell (Clyde). 
  Booking  Peter Watson (Annan Athletic) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Peter Watson (Annan Athletic). 
 Scott Ferguson (Clyde) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Steven Black. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Stuart McColm. 
 Hand ball by Steven Logan (Annan Athletic). 
 Aidan Mcilduff (Clyde) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Peter Weatherson (Annan Athletic). 
 Attempt missed. Josh Todd (Annan Athletic) header from very close range is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Annan Athletic. Conceded by Barry Ferguson. 
 Corner, Annan Athletic. Conceded by David Marsh. 
 Hand ball by Euan Smith (Clyde). 
 (Annan Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Euan Smith (Clyde). 
 Foul by Steven Black (Annan Athletic). 
 Euan Smith (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Euan Smith (Clyde) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Annan Athletic. Conceded by Andy Gibson. 
 Corner, Annan Athletic. Conceded by Scott Ferguson. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 