Lee Byrne, Ashley Smith and Jason Tovey are among eight changes to the Newport Gwent Dragons team to play Treviso at Rodney Parade on Sunday. Pro12: Newport Gwent Dragons v Treviso (Sun) Guinness Pro12: Newport Gwent Dragons v Treviso
Venue: Rodney Parade, Newport Date: Sunday, 28 September Kick-off: 16:05 BST
Coverage: Live on S4C, live score updates on the BBC Sport website; highlights on Scrum V on BBC Two Wales from 18:30 BST
 Lee Byrne, Ashley Smith and Jason Tovey are among eight changes to the Newport Gwent Dragons team to play Treviso at Rodney Parade on Sunday. 
 Fly-half Tovey and full-back Byrne start after missing last week's 33-13 defeat to Glasgow with calf and shoulder injuries respectively. 
 Smith makes his first start of the season at centre after recovering from a toe injury suffered in March. 
 Treviso also make eight changes after losing 43-0 to Scarlets last weekend. 
 New Zealander Jayden Hayward starts at full back, while flanker Simone Favaro returns after a year of injuries. 
 Dragons have lost all three of their games this season and a fourth successive defeat would mark their worst start to a Pro12 campaign. 
 Director of rugby Lyn Jones has made three changes to the pack as hooker Elliot Dee and prop Dan Way start with Andy Powell replacing Lewis Evans at blindside flanker. 
 Jonathan Davies takes over from Richie Rees at scrum-half, while centre Ben John, on loan from Ospreys, starts again. 
 Byrne is joined in the back three by Tom Prydie and Hallam Amos, who replaces Aled Brew on the wing. 
 A late penalty from Jason Tovey secured a 20-19 victory for Dragons against Treviso on the final day of last season. 
 The Italian side have slipped to six straight Pro12 defeats since beating the Dragons 45-27 at Stadio Monigo in April. 
 Head Coach Umberto Casellato has drafted in lock Marco Fuser, hooker Davide Giazzon and prop Matteo Zanusso for Sunday's match. 
 Winger Ludovico Nitoglia, centre Luca Morisi and fly-half Joe Carlisle also return to the backline after missing the defeat to Scarlets. 
  Newport Gwent Dragons Head Coach Kingsley Jones:  &quot;We just need to get some experienced players back on the field. 
 &quot;We've got to go through some pain with those young lads to get where we want to be. 
 &quot;Let's just hope they learn quickly, I'm sure they will.&quot; 
  Dragons:  Lee Byrne (capt); Tom Prydie, Ben John, Ashley Smith, Hallam Amos; Jason Tovey, Jonathan Evans; Boris Stankovich, Elliot Dee, Dan Way; Cory Hill, Rynard Landman; Andy Powell, Nic Cudd, Taulupe Faletau 
  Replacements:  T. Rhys Thomas, Hugh Gustafson, Lloyd Fairbrother, James Thomas, Lewis Evans, Luc Jones, Angus O'Brien, Aled Brew 
  Treviso:  Jayden Hayward; Andrea Pratichetti, Michele Campagnaro, Luca Morisi, Ludovico Nitoglia; Joe Carlisle, James Ambrosini; Matteo Zanusso, Davide Giazzon, Rupert Harden; Antonio Pavanello (capt), Marco Fuser; Simone Favaro, Marco Lazzaroni, Mat Luamanu 
  Replacements:  Amar Kudin, Matteo Muccignat, Romulo Acosta, Giovanni Maistri, Leo Auva'a, Francesco Minto, Alberto Sgarbi, Edoardo Gori 
  Referee:  Andrew McMenemy (Scotland) 
  Assistant referees:  Rhys Thomas, Neil Perkins (both WRU) 
  Citing commissioner:  Russell Howell (WRU) 
  TMO:  Gareth Simmonds (WRU) 
 