Gregor Townsend again praised the depth of his Glasgow Warriors squad after the 39-21 victory over Connacht. Glasgow Warriors: Gregor Townsend praises depth of squad  Gregor Townsend again praised the depth of his Glasgow Warriors squad after the 39-21 victory over Connacht. 
 As the head coach again rotated his squad once more, he gave opportunities to players who impressed for the A team against Edinburgh five days earlier. 
 &quot;Eight of our squad played on Monday against Edinburgh and they did well there, so they deserved an opportunity,&quot; Townsend said. 
 &quot;It is about making sure we manage the squad throughout the season.&quot; 
 Townsend pointed out that his changes were not just purely rotational. 
 &quot;We had three or four injuries from last week,&quot; he revealed on BBC Radio Scotland. 
 &quot;We've got players that need to be rested - international players because they, rightly, can't play five games in a row. 
&quot;We thought the players have brought energy tonight and they got their rewards&quot;
 &quot;Our rotation system only works if people play well when selected and that's what they've since done last season. 
 &quot;They blew us away sometimes with their performances and taking opportunities.&quot; 
 Inflicting Connacht's first defeat of the season took Warriors to the top of the Pro12 table, although Ospreys could regain the lead should they keep their own 100% record intact away to Munster on Saturday. 
 &quot;Connacht kept coming back at us and the effort we put in was fantastic,&quot; said Townsend. 
 &quot;Connacht work really hard for one another like they've always done, but they've got more ambition and more organisation as well. They are tough to break down.&quot; 
 Glasgow next travel to Italy to face a Treviso side who have lost their opening three games ahead of Sunday's trip to take on Dragons in Wales. 
 &quot;Treviso are a tough team at home,&quot; added Townsend. &quot;They've not played as well away from home this season - they lost heavily to Ospreys and to Scarlets. 
 &quot;But they pushed Munster very close and we'll watch how they get on this weekend. 
 &quot;Any away game, you know you have to play well to win, but we have got confidence throughout the squad and the tempo they played at tonight was fantastic. 
 &quot;We were really excited in the warm up. We thought the players have brought energy tonight and they got their rewards.&quot; 
 