Ayr United were knocked off the top of Scottish League One after Airdrieonians completed a dramatic comeback at Somerset Park.    Murphy 51′  Beattie 80′  
  Lister 30′  Gasparotto 87′  Bain 90′  
 Ayr United were knocked off the top of Scottish League One after Airdrieonians completed a dramatic comeback at Somerset Park. 
 Airdrie went ahead when James Lister struck but Ayr were level early in the second period via Peter Murphy's shot. 
 Craig Beattie fired the hosts ahead for the first time. 
 However, headers in the final few minutes by David Proctor and Jamie Bain turned the match back in Airdrie's favour. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Ayr United 2, Airdrieonians 3. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Ayr United 2, Airdrieonians 3. 
  Booking  Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) is shown the yellow card. 
  Booking  Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United) is shown the yellow card. 
 Attempt missed. Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. 
  Goal!  Goal! Ayr United 2, Airdrieonians 3. Jamie Bain (Airdrieonians) header from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Liam Watt. 
 Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Scott McLaughlin (Ayr United). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Airdrieonians. Jamie Bain replaces Scott Gray because of an injury. 
  Goal!  Goal! Ayr United 2, Airdrieonians 2. David Proctor (Airdrieonians) header from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. 
 Marc Fitzpatrick (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Paul Slane (Ayr United). 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Dale Shirkie. 
 Foul by Kevin McKinlay (Ayr United). 
 James Lister (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Michael Donald. 
  Goal!  Goal! Ayr United 2, Airdrieonians 1. Craig Beattie (Ayr United) left footed shot from the left side of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Ryan Donnelly. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Airdrieonians. Keigan Parker replaces Bryan Prunty. 
 Attempt saved. Bryan Prunty (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Michael Donald. 
  Booking  James Lister (Airdrieonians) is shown the yellow card. 
 Kevin McKinlay (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by James Lister (Airdrieonians). 
 Foul by Paul Slane (Ayr United). 
 Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Foul by Dale Shirkie (Ayr United). 
 Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jon Paul McGovern (Ayr United). 
 Patrick Boyle (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Ayr United. Craig Beattie replaces Peter Murphy because of an injury. 
 Attempt missed. Nicky Devlin (Ayr United) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Chris O'Neil. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Bryan Prunty. 
 Attempt saved. Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Luca Gasparotto (Airdrieonians) hits the bar with a right footed shot from the centre of the box. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Dale Shirkie. 
  Goal!  Goal! Ayr United 1, Airdrieonians 1. Peter Murphy (Ayr United) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Ryan Donnelly. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Andy McNeil. 
 Attempt saved. Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United) header from very close range is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Luca Gasparotto. 
 Paul Slane (Ayr United) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Liam Watt (Airdrieonians). 
 Foul by Dale Shirkie (Ayr United). 
 Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
   Second Half begins Ayr United 0, Airdrieonians 1. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Ayr United 0, Airdrieonians 1. 
 Foul by Paul Slane (Ayr United). 
 James Lister (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Peter Murphy (Ayr United). 
 James Lister (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Ayr United. Dale Shirkie replaces Martyn Campbell because of an injury. 
 Attempt missed. James Lister (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Michael Donald (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Chris O'Neil (Airdrieonians). 
 Attempt blocked. James Lister (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Foul by Paul Slane (Ayr United). 
 Marc Fitzpatrick (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Luca Gasparotto (Airdrieonians). 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Michael Donald. 
 Foul by Kevin McKinlay (Ayr United). 
 James Lister (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United). 
 (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. James Lister (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Chris O'Neil. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Marc Fitzpatrick. 
  Goal!  Goal! Ayr United 0, Airdrieonians 1. James Lister (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Peter Murphy (Ayr United) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Andy McNeil. 
 Attempt saved. Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United) header from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Patrick Boyle. 
 Paul Slane (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Patrick Boyle (Airdrieonians). 
 Paul Slane (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by David Proctor (Airdrieonians). 
 Foul by Kevin McKinlay (Ayr United). 
 Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
  Booking  Michael Donald (Ayr United) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Michael Donald (Ayr United). 
 Chris O'Neil (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Peter Murphy (Ayr United) header from the centre of the box is too high. 
 Nicky Devlin (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians). 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Brian Gilmour. 
 Foul by Jon Paul McGovern (Ayr United). 
 Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Paul Slane (Ayr United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Peter Murphy (Ayr United) header from very close range is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Scott Gray. 
 Ryan Donnelly (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by David Proctor (Airdrieonians). 
 Hand ball by Liam Watt (Airdrieonians). 
 Bryan Prunty (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Scott McLaughlin (Ayr United). 
 Attempt missed. James Lister (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box misses to the right. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 