Celtic boss Ronny Deila praised John Guidetti for his double against St Mirren and backed Stefan Scepovic to make a similar impact. Manager Ronny Deila confident in Celtic strikers  Celtic boss Ronny Deila praised John Guidetti for his double against St Mirren and backed Stefan Scepovic to make a similar impact. 
 Guidetti, 22, earned Celtic the 2-1 win in Paisley but is ineligible for Thursday's Europa League match against Dinamo Zagreb. 
 Scepovic, 24, is likely to replace Guidetti in the line-up but is yet to score for his new club. 
 &quot;He has qualities, we know it and we're going to make him better,&quot; said Deila. 
 &quot;You have to understand the game in Scotland. You have to run and fight and I said to him today that's the first thing you have to start with and he was agreeing. 
&quot;The players know this is a huge game so we're really looking forward to it&quot;
 &quot;I want more out of him. He can start the game on Thursday. He needs time, he's coming from a different culture and a different way of playing.&quot; 
 Guidetti, on loan from Manchester City, was credited with Celtic's first against the Buddies following a scramble in the box and fired home the winner after Kenny McLean had equalised. 
 Deila was adamant the Swede was the scorer of the opener and described Guidetti's three goals in two games as &quot;positive for us&quot;. 
 &quot;It's good that we win,&quot; the Norwegian explained. &quot;That's the most important thing of course and it's good to come back when we conceded a stupid goal. 
 &quot;I think we looked tired today. We were always one metre behind in the second balls and we didn't get compact enough. 
 &quot;On the ball, we were using too many touches and didn't get up the tempo we wanted. In the end, I'm happy to win but the performance could be better. 
 &quot;We have played three matches in six days so it's hard and we haven't changed much in the team.&quot; 
 And looking ahead to the visit of Zagreb, Deila added: &quot;It's a different game at Celtic Park. The players know this is a huge game so we're really looking forward to it.&quot; 
 