CCTV footage shows shoppers fleeing as gang wielding hammers, axes and baseball bats struck Glasgow's Argyll Arcade netting £250,000 of luxury watches. Revealed: How four masked thugs brought terror to city centre in armed raid on jewellers shops - Daily Record THESE are the terrifying moments when four masked thugs attacked a security guard during an armed raid on jewellers’ shops.
The dramatic footage from a security camera shows how the ruthless gang brought 54 seconds of terror to Glasgow’s Argyll Arcade.
Stills from CCTV in the posh mall show hammer, axe and bat-wielding robbers running in from Buchanan Street.
A woman pushing a baby in a buggy flees as one thug smashes what looks like a hammer into a guard’s legs.
As their stunned victim staggers to his feet, the gang are already launching smash-and-grab robberies that netted them &pound;250,000 of luxury watches,
The brave guard, dressed in the arcade’s traditional uniform complete with top hat, gives chase in a bid to stop them and tries to summon help using his radio.
The video then captures terrified shoppers fleeing as the gang continue their raid. Around 50 seconds later, the four robbers come back into the frame as they make their escape.
 

One makes a last-ditch attempt to boost their haul by smashing the window of Mappin and Webb on the way out – but an accomplice fails in a bid to grab valuables from the display.
The drama started last Wednesday at precisely 12.38.02pm
Four jewellery shops – Rox, Mappin &amp; Webb, Laing the Jeweller and Lewis Grant – were targeted.
But the gang only got away with 18 high-end watches from Rox.
They were foiled when a member of staff at Laing’s pressed a panic button and activated a smoke system which took just seconds to disorientate the raiders and frighten them off. Stunned shoppers filmed the men as they fled the arcade and escaped down an alley to a getaway car waiting in nearby Queen Street.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

In other video footage taken of the raid, one gang member is heard saying: “Out the way or I will kill you all.”
 

The security guard was stretchered out out the mall and treated in hospital for leg injuries before being released.
Yesterday, one source suggested the raid might be one of a series of armed robberies in the west of Scotland being committed by small-time dealers who have run up debts with drug barons.
He said: “They are basically told, ‘This is what you are going to do and this is how you’re going to clear your debt.’”
And a former serious crime squad officer said violent smash-and-grab raids are a major problem across Britain. Peter Bleksley – a member of Scotland Yard’s elite undercover unit for more than 20 years – said the gang may have carried out other raids and could already be planning more.
The veteran cop said the raids are a throwback to the days when detectives spent most of their time chasing big armed robbery “firms”.
Bleksley – now an author and consultant – explained: “In those days it was banks, now it’s jewellery shops.
“Banks tightened up security in a big way to stop the robbery gangs and now jewellery shops will have to do the same.
“The robbery in Glasgow is merely echoing what we have been seeing in London in places like Bond Street – renowned areas with a high density of jewellers. Jewellery shops all over Britain are being targeted the same way. This type of crime is back in fashion.
“When the cops arrest people, they usually find they’re responsible for other robberies or have others in the pipeline.”
Bleksley said police will be looking at CCTV footage going back weeks to see if the gang did their homework beforehand.
 

He added: “It’s unlikely they’d have been wearing masks then or covering their faces.
“There’s always a degree of planning and sophistication that goes into these crimes. The police will check if people have been casing the joint prior to the robbery.
“I would suggest it’s going to take a lot of resources to catch these guys.
“These robberies are difficult to detect as they are so quick in their execution. It’s literally smash-and-grab and go.”
The robbers are thought to have escaped in a white Volkswagen Golf which was found about a mile away on St James Road in Townhead, Glasgow.
A Police Scotland spokeman said: “Inquiries are ongoing.”
The Rox outlet in the Argyll Arcade was also hit in September last year when a thief made off with a &pound;10,000 ring.
The Rox shop in Edinburgh’s George Street was targeted in January last year, when robbers took jewels worth &pound;730,000. Two men were later jailed for 22 years.
 