Dumbarton stretched their unbeaten run in the Scottish Championship to four games with a comfortable win over Alloa Athletic.    Campbell 39′  Kirkpatrick 54′  Nish 78′  
  Simmons 90′  
 Dumbarton stretched their unbeaten run in the Scottish Championship to four games with a comfortable win over Alloa Athletic. 
 Poor Wasps defending allowed the Sons' Archie Campbell to tap in from close range. 
 Jordan Kirpkpatrick's header doubled Dumbarton's lead in the second half and Colin Nish netted a third. 
 Stephen Simmons scored a stunning 18-yard volley for Alloa but it was too little too late. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Dumbarton 3, Alloa Athletic 1. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Dumbarton 3, Alloa Athletic 1. 
  Goal!  Goal! Dumbarton 3, Alloa Athletic 1. Stephen Simmons (Alloa Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box to the top right corner. 
 Foul by Scott Agnew (Dumbarton). 
 Liam Buchanan (Alloa Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Attempt missed. Colin Nish (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Alloa Athletic. Conceded by David van Zanten. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Steven McDougall replaces Mark Gilhaney. 
 Attempt saved. Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton). 
 Kevin Cawley (Alloa Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Dumbarton 3, Alloa Athletic 0. Colin Nish (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Jordan Kirkpatrick. 
 Colin Nish (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ben Gordon (Alloa Athletic). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Colin Nish replaces Garry Fleming. 
 Corner, Alloa Athletic. Conceded by Scott Linton. 
 Corner, Alloa Athletic. Conceded by Danny Rogers. 
 Attempt saved. Liam Buchanan (Alloa Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Edward Ferns (Alloa Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Kieran MacDonald replaces Mitchel Megginson. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Alloa Athletic. Edward Ferns replaces Jonathan Tiffoney. 
 Attempt missed. Liam Buchanan (Alloa Athletic) header from the left side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Goal!  Goal! Dumbarton 2, Alloa Athletic 0. Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton) header from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Scott Agnew following a corner. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Ben Gordon. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Graeme Holmes. 
 Foul by Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton). 
 Stephen Simmons (Alloa Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Ryan McCord (Alloa Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Scott Linton (Dumbarton). 
   Second Half begins Dumbarton 1, Alloa Athletic 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Dumbarton 1, Alloa Athletic 0. 
 Attempt missed. Graeme Holmes (Alloa Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Mitchel Megginson (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Stephen Simmons (Alloa Athletic). 
 Attempt saved. Mark Docherty (Alloa Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
  Goal!  Goal! Dumbarton 1, Alloa Athletic 0. Archie Campbell (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top right corner. Assisted by Mark Gilhaney. 
 Corner, Alloa Athletic. Conceded by Scott Taggart. 
 Foul by Garry Fleming (Dumbarton). 
 Stephen Simmons (Alloa Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Garry Fleming (Dumbarton). 
 Stephen Simmons (Alloa Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Mark Docherty. 
 Foul by Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton). 
 Liam Buchanan (Alloa Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Kevin Cawley. 
 Corner, Alloa Athletic. Conceded by Danny Rogers. 
 Attempt saved. Liam Buchanan (Alloa Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Alloa Athletic. Liam Buchanan replaces Greig Spence because of an injury. 
 Attempt missed. Mitchel Megginson (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Archie Campbell (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ben Gordon (Alloa Athletic). 
 Attempt missed. Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Mark Docherty (Alloa Athletic). 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 