Alan Reid scored before seeing red as Albion's perfect home record ended with a defeat by East Stirlingshire.    Reid 11′  
  McKenna 20′  Vidler 38′  
 Alan Reid scored before seeing red as Albion's perfect home record ended with a defeat by East Stirlingshire. 
 The hosts took the lead after 11 minutes, Reid shooting from 30 yards into the top corner. 
 Nine minutes later, Shire levelled via David McKenna's rebound shot but William Vidler turned in a cross to retake the lead on 38 minutes. 
 Reid was shown a straight red after 66 minutes, putting a dampener on only his second goal in over 200 appearances. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Albion Rovers 1, East Stirling 2. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Albion Rovers 1, East Stirling 2. 
 Foul by Michael Dunlop (Albion Rovers). 
 Jordan Tapping (East Stirling) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
  Booking  Jordan Tapping (East Stirling) is shown the yellow card. 
  Booking  Michael Dunlop (Albion Rovers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Corner, East Stirling. Conceded by Josh Mullin. 
 Corner, East Stirling. Conceded by Neil Parry. 
 Jay Doyle (East Stirling) hits the left post with a right footed shot from the right side of the box. 
  Substitution  Substitution, East Stirling. Max Wright replaces Billy Vidler. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Albion Rovers. Jamie Pollock replaces Gary Phillips. 
 Foul by Michael Dunlop (Albion Rovers). 
 Billy Vidler (East Stirling) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Michael Bolochoweckyj. 
 Kyle Turnbull (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by David Greenhill (East Stirling). 
 Attempt saved. Jay Doyle (East Stirling) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Connor Greene. 
  Substitution  Substitution, East Stirling. Jay Doyle replaces David McKenna. 
  Substitution  Substitution, East Stirling. Graeme MacGregor replaces Martyn Shields. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Albion Rovers. Josh Mullin replaces Ross McNeil. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Richard Barnard. 
 Attempt saved. Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Ally Love (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Connor Greene (East Stirling). 
 Ross McNeil (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jordan Tapping (East Stirling). 
 Ross Dunlop (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by David McKenna (East Stirling). 
 Attempt saved. Ross McNeil (Albion Rovers) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Steven Brisbane (East Stirling) right footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Attempt missed. Jordan Tapping (East Stirling) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. 
  Dismissal  Alan Reid (Albion Rovers) is shown the red card. 
 Foul by Alan Reid (Albion Rovers). 
 Billy Vidler (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ally Love (Albion Rovers). 
 Neil McCabe (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is high and wide to the right. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Jordan Tapping. 
 Corner, East Stirling. Conceded by Alan Reid. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Albion Rovers. Ally Love replaces Liam Cusack. 
 Foul by Kyle Turnbull (Albion Rovers). 
 Steven Brisbane (East Stirling) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Ross McNeil (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jordan Tapping (East Stirling). 
 Kyle Turnbull (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Martyn Shields (East Stirling). 
 Attempt missed. Steven Brisbane (East Stirling) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the right. 
 Foul by Darren Young (Albion Rovers). 
 Steven Brisbane (East Stirling) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Kyle Turnbull (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Steven Brisbane (East Stirling). 
 Attempt missed. David Greenhill (East Stirling) left footed shot from a difficult angle on the right misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. David Greenhill (East Stirling) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
   Second Half begins Albion Rovers 1, East Stirling 2. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Albion Rovers 1, East Stirling 2. 
  Booking  Ross Gilmour (East Stirling) is shown the yellow card. 
 Liam Cusack (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Ross Gilmour (East Stirling). 
  Booking  Gary Phillips (Albion Rovers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Gary Phillips (Albion Rovers). 
 Steven Brisbane (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Steven Brisbane (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Darren Young (Albion Rovers). 
 Attempt missed. Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Ross Gilmour. 
  Booking  David Greenhill (East Stirling) is shown the yellow card. 
  Goal!  Goal! Albion Rovers 1, East Stirling 2. Billy Vidler (East Stirling) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by David McKenna. 
 Attempt saved. David McKenna (East Stirling) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Corner, East Stirling. Conceded by Kyle Turnbull. 
 Ross Dunlop (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Billy Vidler (East Stirling). 
 Attempt missed. Liam Cusack (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Gary Phillips (Albion Rovers) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Richard Barnard. 
 Attempt saved. Gary Phillips (Albion Rovers) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Billy Vidler (East Stirling). 
  Goal!  Goal! Albion Rovers 1, East Stirling 1. David McKenna (East Stirling) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. 
 Corner, East Stirling. Conceded by Kyle Turnbull. 
 Corner, East Stirling. Conceded by Darren Young. 
 Corner, East Stirling. Conceded by Michael Dunlop. 
 Ross McNeil (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jordan Tapping (East Stirling). 
 Liam Cusack (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Martyn Shields (East Stirling). 
 Mark McGuigan (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Michael Bolochoweckyj (East Stirling). 
  Goal!  Goal! Albion Rovers 1, East Stirling 0. Alan Reid (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box to the top left corner. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Jordan Tapping. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Martyn Shields. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 