FIND out why Paloma likes dressing like The Dude from The Big Lebowski - and why she hides on her bus. Kooky pop diva Paloma Faith: Forget the mad outfits, I'm really a flip-flops and onesie kind of girl - Daily Record WITH two tours and an album looming, it’s just as well Paloma Faith reckons touring is easy – and artists who say life on the road is tough are “lazy b*******”.
The kooky pop diva heads out on a sold-out run of dates, including one at Glasgow’s Clyde Auditorium, in October.
Then she steps up to arenas for the first time early next year, with a show at the SSE Hydro on March 20 and international shows throughout 2015.
But she’s far from daunted by her relentless schedule... because she’ll spend it living like The Dude from The Big Lebowski.
She laughed: “We’re on a tour bus most of the time, so we all have a lot of different exciting types of pyjamas. A lot of onesies flying around.
“You know in The Big Lebowski, how The Dude is always in his flip-flops and dressing gown, holding a White Russian? That is basically me on tour. In my flip flops and dressing gown until an hour before stage, then I go and turn into this glamorous thing. The rest of the day I have a pyjama party.
“It’s funny, people always say that being on tour must be so gruelling but I think it is the most ungruelling element of my job. Shall I tell you why? Because I hate doing interviews.
“It’s basically luxury to me to get up every morning and have literally nothing to do for an entire day, then do two hours of work at the end of the day.
“Two hours to get ready then two hours on stage, that’s four hours of work a day. That’s nothing compared to normal days.
 

“Yesterday, I woke up, started work at 8am and finished at 1.30am. That’s a normal day for me.
“I was doing personal training then interviews for the entire day, then went to the studio to record more music and I got home at 1.30am.
“I just think it’s ridiculous. Life on tour is like going away on holiday.
“All those musicians who are telling you it’s hard are bloody lazy b*******. It’s easy.
“And also you get to perform, so you get full of natural drugs every single night – adrenaline.”
Paloma heads off on the first tour immediately after a round of American shows, so her ever-growing band should be firing on all cylinders.
And she’s confident her voice will hold up to the hectic schedule, with the Glasgow show a standout for her.
She reckons playing in the city spurs her on, due to the reaction from fans.
“I am looking forward to this autumn tour but I am also concerned that I am going to lose my voice.
“No, I have a three-week gap after America, which is more than enough, I just need two days for recovery. It’s a bigger band now, there are three additional players. There’s a brass section, so we have 12 people on stage, including me.
“The Scottish audiences are always super-receptive, the further north you go the more rowdy people get.
“As a performer, I prefer it because I like to feel that people are giving it back as it makes me perform energetically.
 

“I also consider myself to be an honorary northerner. I used to live in Leeds, so have quite an affinity with the people from there upwards.”
However, Paloma admits she won’t see much of the city on either of her visits.
In fact, she hides out on the tour bus wherever she might find herself, no matter how appealing the surroundings may be.
Simply, she says it’s just too much hassle going out and about.
“I tend not to explore because when I’m outside London it’s quite difficult for me to go incognito and I find that quite exhausting.
“I try to really just reserve my energy when I’m on tour. If I go out and do pictures with everyone in the street all day I’ll be tired by the time I come to perform.
“I tend to just hide away. Even if I go out in my flip- flops and my onesie they do recognise me, believe me, I’ve tried it.
“It’s the same for going on holiday, I tend to go to places where I’m not well- known. It’s getting worse, the bigger each release gets the more it happens.”
The seemingly supremely confident singer does admit to a few nerves over the leap up to arena tours.
“I am hoping there will be more than six people at the arena tour because it will be a bit humiliating, so please come.
“I have only done one arena before – in London – and it is exhilarating.
“It’s scary as well because you’ve got to get your s*** together and get organised, put on a good show.
“I am really excited but also nervous as it is a lot of seats to fill and it is very obvious when you haven’t filled them.
“It’s not going to be the same as this autumn tour, it will be all bells and whistles. I am already in talks about it now. In bloody September.
“I have a lot of good things planned, it’ll be bigger and better than I have ever done, with a lot more people involved and visual elements and stuff.
“It makes me feel confident thinking about how many people will be working on that tour.
 

“I feel good about that, it is like I’ve built a little empire.” Before that, there’s the reissue of her platinum-selling album A Perfect Contradiction on November 3, which includes five new songs.
It also features a recording of Paloma’s headline night at the Royal Albert Hall as part of the BBC Proms on September 5, with the Guy Barker Orchestra and the Urban Voices Collective choir.
“I am happy with how the album did but obviously it could have done worse and it could have done better.
“I was No1 in Australia and that’s my first No1 in my career, that was for a few weeks, so it’s pretty amazing. It’s building nicely and doing well in Holland, which is reassuring as it was Holland that broke Pharrell with Happy on his comeback.
“So, yeah, I am pleased. I am doing a lot more damage than I have in the past.
“The Proms was the best moment of my career to date, so it’s great to have that on the new version.
“I have done quite a lot with that orchestra before, I’ve become friends with a lot of them, so it was nice to walk on to the Albert Hall stage for the first time and feel like I was with a family rather than being really nervous.
“I have done a lot of stuff there before where I’ve done one song but it was my first proper own show.
“The venue suits me, it wasn’t my choice that it hasn’t happened before.”
It seems that this repackaged album may have to keep fans going for quite some time, though.
Paloma insists she hasn’t even started thinking about writing for a full new album yet and that getting to that point is a long way away, thanks to next year’s endless round of shows.
But there is one more little treat due to surface – a collaboration with a legend.
“I recorded a duet with Dame Shirley Bassey for her 60 years in music album.
“Unfortunately, it’s not a secret Bond track. I wish it was.
“On this repack, I have been working with people I haven’t worked with before and I am really enjoying it.
“So I’ve been concentrating on that, writing new songs for that. The next album won’t be ready for quite a while as I have to get all these tours out of the way first.”
 