John Guidetti is frustrated not to be involved in Celtic's Europa League match against Dinamo Zagreb but has backed his team-mates to do well. Celtic: John Guidetti backs team-mates against Dinamo Zagreb Date: Thursday, 2 October. Venue: Celtic Park, Glasgow. Kick-off: 20:05 BST.
Coverage: Listen on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW and DAB digital radio, live text commentary on BBC Sport website.
 John Guidetti is frustrated not to be involved in Celtic's Europa League match against Dinamo Zagreb but has backed his team-mates to do well. 
 The on-loan Manchester City striker's move to Glasgow was finalised after Uefa's deadline for squad registration for the competition, 
 Swede Guidetti, 22, scored twice in Saturday's Scottish Premiership win over St Mirren. 
 &quot;The boys are going to do fantastic,&quot; said Guidetti of Thursday's match. 
 &quot;I'm going to watch from the stands, which is even worse because you get more nervous. 
 &quot;Of course it's frustrating. This was the game I would love to play also. This is life and I have 100% belief in the boys that they're going to do well.&quot; 
 With Guidetti unavailable after scoring three goals in two games for Ronny Deila's side, Stefan Scepovic is likely to fill the central striker role against the Croatian side. 
 Scepovic, 24, is yet to score for Celtic since joining from Sporting Gijon. 
 &quot;We know what a great player Stefan is and it's just taking a bit of time but this is normal,&quot; explained Guidetti. 
 &quot;I'm sure he's going to do fantastic if he plays on Thursday because he's a great player.&quot; 
 Meanwhile, Guidetti insists Celtic's first goal against St Mirren was &quot;100%&quot; his. 
 The Sweden international was challenged by the Buddies' Jim Goodwin as both tried to get a boot to Scott Brown's low cross and, after the ball came back off goalkeeper Marian Kello, it rebounded into the net off the two tackling players. 
 &quot;I'm a striker, I'll take everything I can get,&quot; said Guidetti. &quot;The referee said, 'John, I've given you it', so it's my goal. You've got to listen to the ref.&quot; 
 