EACH week the Evening Times will turn the spotlight on one of the dozens of local businesses determined to succeed. 'Come to us for 3D design and printing' EACH week the Evening Times will turn the spotlight on one of the dozens of local businesses determined to succeed.They are the future for Glasgow and the west of Scotland's economy and are working hard to achieve success in the face of continuing economic hardship. Many businesses have struggled because of the recent economic downturn, and this column aims offer advice for potential start-ups and small businesses.Each company will answer the same questions about their business and their answers will appear in the Evening Times each Monday. This week we highlight Euan Quigley and Dickon Walker of ST3P Print &amp; Design.What does your business do?We're specialists in 3D computer-aided design and 3D printing. We offer people combinations of design solutions in relation to 3D objects - and it usually involves 3D printing!based?In The Whisky Bond, a great big creative space just five minutes' walk from the city centre. It's a big red brick building divided up into spaces for small businesses, collaborative working and hot-desking.How did you start?We started with our first 3D printer in one of our bedrooms. We got most of our early business through word of mouth and online.background?We met studying Product Design Engineering at the University of Strathclyde. We both have industrial design experience with a number of Glasgow-based companies, as well as developing our expertise in 3D printing while at university and after.top tip?Speak to everyone you possibly can. Starting a business seems daunting at first, but have confidence in your own convictions. Just make sure to discuss it with people who have experience first.How long hasyour business been running?We've been officially trading since February 2014, so we're still quite young, but we're definitely beginning to find our feet in the market.Has anyone helped you get started and how?We first received help from Business Gateway, then University of Strathclyde and Santander helped us with guidance and funding, then were lucky enough to receive more support from The Prince's Trust, which guided us through some really useful workshops and business training activities. They helped us develop our business plan and financial forecasts. This resulted in us being awarded a &pound;5000 loan from The Prince's Trust. We were also assigned a business mentor, and he has been invaluable in assisting us so far.What was your first deal?A design job that involved 3D scanning, 3D design and lots of 3D printing to develop an ergonomic, wearable product for a client.Sorry, we can't say much about it due to confidentiality.WHERE DO YOU PLAN YOUR BUSINESS TO BE IN FIVE YEARS TIME?We want to expand further into both 3D printing and 3D design.We're currently looking at buying our 5th 3D printer in order to offer even better quality to potential clients. We hope to be the go-to name for 3D design and printing in Scotland.CONTACTE-mail: Info@st3p3d.comUSEFUL CONTACTS:The Prince's Trust -www.princes-trust.org.uk/Entrepreneurial Spark - www.entrepreneurial-spark.com/Strathclyde Entrepren-eurial network -www.strath.ac.uk/sen/HMRC Start-up -http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/startingupBusiness Gateway -www.bgateway.com/local-offices/glasgow 