Programme to improve mains and drinking water supply infrastructure will run from 2015 - 2021 and is estimated will support up to 5,000 jobs Scottish Water unveils £3.5bn investment plan Scottish Water unveils £3.5bn investment plan - Daily Record Scottish Water has unveiled a new &pound;3.5 billion investment programme to improve mains and drinking water supply infrastructure.
The investment programme, which is being supported by a &pound;720 million Scottish Government loan, includes &pound;280 million of water main and treatment works and more than &pound;100 million to create a new waste water tunnel in Glasgow to improve the water quality of the River Clyde and reduce the risk of flooding.
Scottish Water also plans to invest more than &pound;60 million on works to reduce the impact on the River Clyde of the Daldowie and Dalmarnock Wastewater Treatment Works
A further &pound;45 million is being allocated to address around 400 external sewer flooding issues, with drinking water improvements also planned in Aberdeenshire, Fair Isle and South Uist and Glenlatterach.
Scottish Water said the investment programme, which will run from 2015 to 2021, is expected to support up to 5,000 jobs.
Scottish Water chief executive, Douglas Millican, said: “I am delighted that we are announcing the start of this major investment programme for 2015-21 which will enable Scottish Water to continue to provide first-class customer service, while supporting the Scottish economy and creating jobs in the construction industry.”
The Scottish Government said it has set out in its policy statement water charges must remain stable and not increase by more than the rate of inflation.
An exemption scheme will also now be extended to more of the charitable sector to help pay for their water and sewerage services.
Deputy First Minster Nicola Sturgeon said: “Water and sewerage services are vital to our everyday lives. It is important that we continue to invest to ensure that these keep on meeting the needs of customers, the environment and economic development.
“I recognise that households and businesses are under financial pressure.
“That is why I expect Scottish Water to continue to deliver this &pound;3.5 billion investment programme without the need for inflation-busting charge increases.
“The Government will be making available up to &pound;720 million to support this programme. It will also be extending the assistance to more of the charitable sector to help pay for services.
“This Government is determined to ensure that Scottish Water continues to be a public sector success story.
“This programme is good news for customers, the construction industry and our environment.”
&nbsp;
 