Under the terms of the deal, VG Energy will also market the nED100kW turbine as a selling agent in Scotland and provide operations and maintenance services covering the north of the UK VG Energy agrees seven turbine deal with Spanish manufacturer VG Energy agrees seven turbine deal with Spanish manufacturer Norvento - Daily Record Glasgow-based renewables specialist VG Energy has agreed a deal for seven 100kW turbines from a Spanish turbine manufacturer for a portfolio of sites under development in Scotland.
The deal marks the first sales of turbines manufactured by Spanish medium-scale wind turbine manufacturer Norvento, who have enlisted Glasgow-based VG Energy as a Scottish agent for its nED100kW turbines.
Under the terms of deal, the value of which has not been disclosed, Norvento will supply seven nED100 units beginning in the fourth quarter of this year and continuing into next year, with the turbines purchased forming “an integral proportion of VG’s own development pipeline”.
VG Energy will also showcase nED100 as a key part of its product portfolio as part of the deal.
Norvento said: “By becoming a client of itself, VG has demonstrated a firm belief in Norvento’s cutting edge technology.”
Norvento and VG Energy previously worked together on a twin-turbine site in Castle Douglas.
The site, successfully commissioned in August of this year, was originally developed by VG and then sold on to Norvento ahead of turbine installation.
Under the terms of the new deal, once the turbines are installed, VG Energy will act as the nED operations and maintenance (O&amp;M) subcontractor covering the north of the UK.
Ivo Arn&uacute;s, director of business development with Norvento, said: “In a market where single and twin-turbine installations are the norm, this seven-turbine deal and agency agreement with VG is a clear sign that firms are starting to recognise and buy in wholeheartedly to the unique advantages of nED100.
“nED100 is the product of an extensive five-year design and testing process – and this is what really sets Norvento apart from other manufacturers in the medium-scale wind sector.
“We’ve looked long and hard at the UK farm-scale wind market and our findings have fed directly into the design of our turbines.
“VG will not only roll out nED100 as a key part of its own development pipeline, but also promote, operate and maintain the turbine throughout Scotland.
“This agreement signals the start of a close partnership between the two firms.”
Gordon Smith, director, VG Energy, added: “As VG builds out a portfolio of turnkey sites and continues to promote farm-scale renewables across Scotland, it was important to make an informed decision when it came to choosing a turbine and manufacturer.
“Farm-scale wind developments are often held back by concerns about the reliability of turbines and noise and visual impacts.
“Based on current market conditions, Norvento’s nED100 stood out as the clear frontrunner in terms of impacts and reliability.
“It’s one of the quietest machines on the market and incorporates a range of remote sensors that will really augment our capacity for swift, efficient O&amp;M support in the coming years.”
Norvento has also appointed UK onshore wind energy specialist Dug Butler as its new regional sales manager for Scotland and the North of England.
&nbsp;
 