Rangers host Hibernian in Monday's Scottish Championship encounter.  Date: Sunday, 28 September. Venue: Ibrox Stadium, Glasgow. Kick-off: 19:45 BST.
Coverage: Listen on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW/DAB/online, live text commentary on BBC Sport website.
 Rangers host Hibernian in Monday's Scottish Championship encounter. 
 Ally McCoist's side, six points behind leaders Hearts, beat Hibs earlier this term in a Challenge Cup tie, with Nicky Law securing a 2-1 extra-time win. 
 Alan Stubbs' team have lost four of their six league matches so far but picked up a win over Ross County in the League Cup last week. 
 Jon Daly featured as a substitute in Rangers' League Cup defeat of Falkirk and is pushing for a start. 
  Rangers forward Jon Daly:  &quot;There has been some new strikers brought into the club and so it's obviously a challenge for me to try to get back into the team. 
 &quot;Pre-season would have been the ideal time to make my mark but unfortunately I got injured and now I'm playing catch-up. 
 &quot;I'm feeling fit now and I'm being careful with my recovery. I've been training one day then spending the next in the gym. 
 &quot;But it is a long season and I'm a different type of striker to the rest of the boys so the manager now has a few options. 
 &quot;I would play anywhere. I just want to play and if the manager felt he needed me there then I would love to play at the back. 
 &quot;I just have to bide my time and hopefully I'll get back involved soon, either in attack or in defence.&quot; 
  Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs (speaking to his club website):  &quot;It's important we build on Tuesday's result. I'd probably say that was our most commanding performance when we have been in the lead. 
 &quot;We defended much better whereas in other games we were a bit sloppy and gave teams an opportunity to get back in the game. 
 &quot;The other night we defended as a team much better. We got bodies behind the ball and got important blocks when we needed to. 
 &quot;There are other elements to the game that playing good football. You have to roll your sleeves up, win 50-50s, win your individual battles. On one or two other occasions there was probably room for improvement in those areas.&quot; 
 