Lorraine teams up with Ayrshire entrepreneur and inventor David Osbourne to take a fantastic water pasteurisation device to Malawi Darvel teacher is off to Africa to bring fresh water to those who need it most - Daily Record Teacher Lorraine Dougan will soon be off on her travels to Malawi again.
Head of primary education and campus depute at Whitehill campus in Glasgow, Lorraine, from Darvel, is leading a group of 15 S6 pupils to the landlocked country in southeast Africa.
The intrepid teacher has teamed up with Ayrshire entrepreneur and inventor David Osbourne, from Troon, to take a fantastic water pasteurisation device to Malawi.
David invented the Jompy which, over a fire, can heat a litre of water every minute to about 86 &deg;C – hot enough to kill most of the bacteria that cause water-borne diseases such as cholera, dysentery and diarrhea.
The device was tested in Kenya and India last year, and Kenyan president Mwai Kibaki personally endorsed the Jompy, which is being rolled out around the country in supermarkets and through charities like the TearFund. It also received third prize in the Siemens Innovation award for 2014.
Lorraine’s team will be the first school in Scotland to travel with the Jompy to Malawi where they will work with Patrick Carrigan, social enterprise co-ordinator, to donate them to a sustainable local SE project.
The social enterprise project group will rent out the Jompys to Malawian families at an affordable cost, making it accessible to all. And when families rent the Jompy they receive vouchers which contribute to their fees for attending their local high school.
While there the pupils will also be focusing on developing physical activities and sports as part of their volunteer work.
The group have developed a partnership through the Commonwealth Games with Jayne Jaydacris Chapomba, a top tennis star in Malawi.
Jayne shares a common vision with the Whitehill team, namely to get young people active and interested in sports.
She will meet the Whitehill youngsters in her home country and deliver tennis coaching to them.
Lorraine, 33, is well-known in Guiding circles – she is with the UIV Ranger Guides in Darvel and senior section advisor for Ayrshire North Guides – was last in Malawi in 2012 and in Ghana on similar work in 2011.
She leaves with the group on October 4 for a two-week stay in Malawi.
 