GLASWEGIAN teenager Emily has already caught the eye of Simon Cowell and is now under the wing of Cheryl as she chases a spot on the live shows. Scots X Factor hopeful Emily Middlemas swaps school desk for Cheryl's pad on the Riviera as she chases dream - Daily Record  A SCOTS schoolgirl has jetted off to the French Riviera to chase her X Factor dream. 
 Emily Middlemas, who has already caught the eye of show supremo Simon Cowell , flew to mentor Cheryl Fernandez-Versini’s home in Nice for the judges’ houses stage. 
The teenager from Glasgow is only one step away from winning a spot on the live shows after surviving a tense six-chair challenge at London’s Wembley Arena.
ITV viewers saw over the weekend how Emily impressed the judges to secure her place as one of the six remaining girls on the talent show.
Her performance had the 5000-strong audience on their feet and afterwards Cheryl said: “I absolutely loved that.
“You enjoyed your moment, it’s so refreshing.”
Simon was also clearly impressed, adding: “This girl has got to get a seat.”
 &nbsp; 
Emily, who celebrated her 16th birthday last week, is the youngest girl left in this year’s competition.
 She joked about how frustrating it had been not being able to tell  her friends about her progress during the pre-recorded stages of the contest. 
The Woodfarm High pupil said: “Well, obviously I wasn’t allowed to tell them I was doing judges’ houses but I’m sure they noticed I wasn’t in school.
“It’s absolutely crazy sitting in class and sometimes you go into a wee daydream.
“You think, ‘Wait a minute, I’m going to Cheryl’s house in France next week and I’m not allowed to tell anyone.’”
There are six acts left in each of the four categories – girls, boys, groups and over-25s.
And each of the judges will have a famous friend on hand to help them pick their final three acts.
Cheryl will be joined by rapper Tinie Tempah as she chooses from a line-up that, apart from Emily, also includes Lola Saunders, Lauren Platt, Kerrianne Covell, Chloe Jasmine and Stephanie Nala.
Boys mentor Mel B teams up with fellow Spice Girl Emma Bunton in Cancun, Mexico, to pick from Andrea Faustini, Jake Quickenden, Jordan Morris, Paul Akister, Danny Dearden and Jack Walton.
Louis Walsh’s groups fly to Bermuda, where he will be reunited with former judge Tulisa Contostavlos, who mentored 2011 winners Little Mix.
Only The Young, Blonde Electric, Concept, The Brooks as well as a new boy band and a new girl group put together by the judges will be vying to become finalists.
Louis caused controversy at Wembley when he resorted to a sing-off before making his choice – and brought back the new girl group he had initially axed.
In Los Angeles, Simon will enlist the help of 80s star Sinitta to whittle down the over-25s – Ben Haenow, Fleur East, Helen Fulthorpe, Lizzy Pattinson, Stevi Ritchie and the bookies’ favourite to win this year’s series, Jay James.
Odds on the former RAF man were slashed to 4-1 after a flurry of bets since the weekend.
● The X Factor is back on ITV at 9pm on Friday.

 