MSPs are to be asked to back a campaign to protect a stone heart which has been central to the culture of travelling people in Scotland for centuries. MSPs urged to protect Tinkers' Heart MSPs are to be asked to back a campaign to protect a stone heart which has been central to the culture of travelling people in Scotland for centuries.
The Tinkers' Heart is a pattern of quartz stones which was laid at an Argyll cross-roads in the 1700s.
Generations of Scottish Travellers have used it as a wedding place and for children to be blessed.
Holyrood's public petitions committee will be urged to back a campaign to preserve it.
The committee will be addressed by Jess Smith, an author and campaigner for the rights and recognition of travelling people and their culture.
Her petition calls for Historic Scotland to investigate what action can be taken to ensure the restoration and preservation of the Heart, which lies in a field next to the A815, overlooking Loch Fyne.
Ms Smith hopes that, by turning the site into a listed monument, it will be saved from the elements and cattle grazing and preserved for future generations.
Speaking ahead of the committee meeting, she said: &quot;This is a tiny little spot in Argyllshire but it is an ancient monument in the purest sense. 
&quot;The Heart represents a culture that's often neglected - the native culture of a people who have contributed much to Scotland's history, but whose own story is seldom told or understood because of their wanderings. 
&quot;The Heart is as much part of Scotland's heritage as it is the Tinkers'. Local people near the site support us; I hope parliament will too, so that the Heart can be preserved and protected for future generations.&quot;
By the time it closed at the end of May, her petition had gained 1,180 online signatures. Ms Smith said more than 1,000 others had written to her to add their names.
Historic Scotland has previously said the site does not meet the criteria for a monument of national importance.
The heritage body said improvements to the site have been made by the local community in recent months, with a new, more secure fence erected and an interpretation board installed for visitors.
And it said it hoped to find a solution to &quot;preserving and enhancing this important location&quot; through a voluntary archaeology scheme called Adopt-a-Monument.
But in her petition, Ms Smith argues that the Heart &quot;is the only monument that Scottish Travellers have, indicating their timeline and presence in Scotland. Excluded by church and state these ancient people have visited the Heart to marry and christen babies for centuries. 
&quot;The site was still used for Tinkers'&nbsp;weddings as late as 1978 and it seems that its importance as a place of beginnings is still understood today by couples who visit the Heart on their wedding day.
&quot;It is also a sacred place to remember the dead, evident by the coins and flowers that lie scattered at the Heart: some people still visit to pay respect and honour their ancestors.&quot;
The petition also says: &quot;The Tinkers'&nbsp;Heart is not a huge site in physical terms, but in terms of love, of memory and of sacred significance, it is a site of enormous proportions and cultural, historical and religious significance.
&quot;The Travelling people who have lived and contributed to Scottish culture for centuries have only this little place as proof of our existence.&quot;
Ms Smith has claimed the landowner, who lives in England, has &quot;mostly been negative in her views regarding the culture of the people that the Tinkers'&nbsp;Heart represents&quot;.
But she praised Education Secretary Michael Russell, the SNP MSP for Argyll and Bute, saying he had been &quot;extremely&nbsp;helpful&nbsp;and hands on&nbsp;in this matter.&quot;
Ms Smith said Mr Russell had &quot;written to various bodies. He has met with the landowner, councillors, Historic Scotland, written to (Culture Secretary) Fiona Hyslop and several groups to resolve this matter without success.&quot;
You can watch coverage of Jess Smith, as she gives evidence on her petition on the 'Tinker's Heart' to MSPs, live or on demand at BBC Scotland's Democracy Live website.
 