IN an emotional response to Facebook friends asking what happened, Elaine Keys exposed the man she claims took the life of dad-of-one John McFarlane. Heartbroken partner of young dad stabbed to death outside house party accuses his friend of the killing - Daily Record THE devastated partner of a man who was stabbed to death outside a house party has accused one of his friends of the killing.
Elaine Keys exposed on &shy;Facebook the man she claims took the life of dad-of-one John McFarlane.
In an emotional response to pals asking what happened, she posted: “**** ***** murdered him.”
The man named by Elaine is the main suspect in the case.
John, 28, was stabbed in the street on Thursday night after leaving the party in Auchinairn , Bishopbriggs, on the outskirts of Glasgow.
Police launched a murder inquiry after the &shy;incident but have yet to make any arrests.
It’s understood the pal who is a suspect was also at the party and an argument may have broken out between the two when John left at 10.30pm.
Witnesses passed his name to police but he has yet to be traced by detectives.
A source close to the family said: “Everyone knows who did this to John, so it’s just a matter of time before he is caught. The name everyone has given to police was a friend of John’s and it’s unbelievable he could do that to anyone, never mind a pal.”
Police Scotland declined to comment on details of the investigation yesterday but a spokeswoman said: “We are following a &shy;positive line of inquiry.”
 

Elaine, 28, who had been with John for years and is the mother of their three-year-old son Aiden, led tributes on &shy;Facebook, saying: “RIP my beautiful angel boy.”
John lived close to the party house and was well known in the village where pals &shy;knew him as Jader.
Many locals have left flowers at the spot where he was stabbed.
Others have been comforting his family, who live in the surrounding area.
One pal said: “Jader was well know and well liked in &shy;Auchinairn.
“Everyone is shocked as he was a great family man and never in trouble.”
 