SINCE opening its doors last year, the iconic Hydro has hosted a variety of events - including the Ryder Cup concert, the Mobo Awards and stars such as Beyonce. In pictures: SSE Hydro set to celebrate first birthday after lighting up Glasgow with parade of world's biggest stars - Daily Record IT'S the venue that was born to light up a city with a parade of the world’s biggest stars – now the SSE Hydro is about to celebrate its first birthday.
And what a year it’s been.
The glowing spaceship, which has now become part of Glasgow’s skyline, has hosted a variety of events, including last week’s Ryder Cup concert , the gymnastics and netball at the Commonwealth Games , the MOBO Awards , Top Gear Live and stars such as Prince , Beyonce , Calvin Harris and Andrea Bocelli.
At the moment its roof is being raised every night with the laughter from Still Game which has set the pace with a 21-night run .
The Hydro’s new CEO Peter Duthie admits it’s been a rollercoaster of a ride. He said: “Audiences have adopted the Hydro as an iconic building and, as well as music events, the Commonwealth Games gave us massive exposure.”
The Hydro, which cost &pound;125million and has a capactity of 13,000, made the news before it had even opened.

In June last year, it caught fire, caused by welding work in the roof. There were fears the venue would not open on time but it made the deadline and hasn’t looked back.
Director of concerts and events John Langford recalled the opening night. He said: “We managed to pull it off just in time. It was only once Rod Stewart finished his set and walked off stage that we could all collectively share a sigh of relief.”
He added: “During the opening week there was so much adrenaline with Jesus Christ Superstar, Fleetwood Mac and Bruno Mars.”
Prior to opening, it was John who brought Jim Kerr and Charlie Burchill of Simple Minds to the Hydro.
He said: “Seeing the look of immense pride on their faces was priceless, and watching the Live DVD a few months later brought it all home.”
And the Hydro looks set to stay at the forefront as not just one of Scotland’s top top venues – but the world’s.
 