DETECTIVES investigating the heist at Argyll Arcade in Glasgow revealed the gang escaped with 16 Hublot watches and two vintage Bell & Ross timepieces. Police reveal detailed list of luxury watches worth £200k stolen during raid on Glasgow jewellery arcade - Daily Record 
POLICE have revealed a detailed list of the luxury watches stolen during an audacious armed raid at a city-centre arcade.
Detectives investigating the heist at Argyll Arcade in Glasgow published a detailed list of the 18 stolen timepieces.
The brazen lunchtime robbery from the ROX store was carried out by four masked men brandishing hammers and axes .
Police Scotland have now revealed the gang escaped with 16 Hublot watches and two vintage Bell &amp; Ross timepieces worth &pound;198,001.
Three Hublot watches, worth &pound;31,600, were also damaged during the raid.
The Swiss firm manufacture some of the world’s most coveted watches and its brand ambassadors include Usain Bolt, Pele and Jose Mourinho.
A breakdown of the gang’s haul reveals it includes a Hublot Big Bang Rose Gold Automatic worth &pound;23,000 and a Hublot Big Bang Diamond Bezel which retails at &pound;16,400.
A security guard sustained a leg injury during the raid, which was carried out at 12.50pm last Wednesday.

Video footage posted by witnesses on YouTube showed masked men running through the arcade in a cloud of smoke.
Pictures on Twitter also showed men in balaclavas fleeing the scene carrying weapons and holdalls .
Rox, Mappin and Webb, Laing the Jeweller and Lewis Grant were targeted in the incident.
Some display windows were smashed but the thieves only managed to gain access to Rox, where they grabbed the watches before running off.
The suspects were last seen running up a lane at the side of the arcade’s Buchanan Street entrance.
The four men are about 5ft 8in, of slim build and were all wearing dark clothing.
It is believed they escaped in a white car and a Volkswagen Golf found abandoned in St James Road in the Townhead area of the city is being checked by forensic officers.
The city centre arcade houses more than 30 jewellers and diamond merchants.
 