SCOTLAND'S top judo stars hope to repeat their Commonwealth Games success in this weekend's women's European Open in Glasgow. Stars back in city to fight for Euro gold SCOTLAND'S top judo stars hope to repeat their Commonwealth Games success in this weekend's women's European Open in Glasgow.The biggest judo-only event in the UK is coming to the Emir-ates Arena, with 19 members of the Great Britain team, including five Glas-gow 2014 gold medal winners.Among them is Louise Renicks, 32, from Coatbridge, who was catapulted into the record books by winning individual gold hours after sister Kimberley scooped the top prize in her category at this summer's Games.She said she &quot;hasn't stopped&quot; since, balancing training, media work, school visits and post-Games events, and has been in the gym at 11pm at night.She added: &quot;This is my first competition since the Games. I haven't trained as much as I would normally but I know when I am there and go out for my first fight the crowd will be shouting loud for me.&quot;I have always got to be strong and positive as an athlete. I know I'm good and still pretty strong. I've not put in the normal hours but I haven't had a break for two years. My reactions are still the same.&quot;She said she believed the Games had helped raise the profile of the sport.She said: &quot;There is definitely more interest and it's getting talked about more.&quot;In general, sport is more popular since the Games. Kids seem to be more active and you see more people running. People are in parks playing ball games. There's a park across from where I live and I see them.&quot;Scotland's Sarah Adlington, who won gold against Eng-land's Jodie Myers at the Games, is also looking forward to returning to Glasgow.The 28-year-old, from Edinburgh, said: &quot;I hope I am in better shape than I was for the Games.&quot;I had been injured before them and hadn't fought since February. They really kick-started my year. It was a brilliant experience.&quot;I hope the crowds this weekend will be like they were at the Games.&quot;She said she hoped the Games had helped boost the profile of the sport.She said: &quot;There was such a hype about them. I hope it has created a legacy and the interest remains.&quot;Kimberley Renicks won't be competing due to a shoulder injury.victoria.brenan@ eveningtimes.co.uk 