GLASGOW City Council’s move to seek commercial bids for the land has outraged Friends of Victoria Park. Hundreds ring Victoria Park to protest Glasgow city council's move to seek commercial bids for green space - Daily Record HUNDREDS of Glaswegians took to Victoria Park on Sunday to protest against council proposals to sell off a section of the green space.
Nearly 400 residents joined hands and encircled the 6.8 acre site.
Glasgow City Council’s move to seek commercial bids for the land has outraged Friends of Victoria Park.
They say it flies in the face of council policy and are launching their own plan for a public orchard instead.
Friends convener Robert Mellish said: “Any proposals would need planning approval.
“Despite the financial problems the council are facing, we cannot seriously believe our councillors would go against their own local plan, structure plan, climate change declaration and their policies on biodiversity to lease off prime parkland to a developer.
“It’s extremely ironic that a park founded by the Victorians at a time of severe austerity to provide work for unemployed people from the shipyards is now being threatened in this way.
“The council should not have placed this advert and should halt this charade before they waste our money on more unnecessary costs.”
 Opened in 1887, the park was named in honour of the Queen’s Golden Jubilee. The group said the title deeds say the park is intended for the  common good of locals. 
They have accused the council of intentionally allowing the area up for grabs – a former blaes pitch – to become run down.
A council spokesman said: “We need to find alternative ways to invest in frontline services and to do that we are surveying our estate to identify vacant or under-used assets, and other opportunities for investment.
“This is a city-wide initiative which has achieved successes – particularly in Kelvingrove Park, Linn Park, Glasgow Green and Newlands Park.
“The council contracted Ryden LLP to undertake a feasibility study at Victoria Park, with particular emphasis on the former red blaes pitches.
“Ryden are due to report in September.
“We’ve been very clear that, prior to reaching any conclusions, the results will be shared with, and discussed with, local elected members, community councils and any interested parties.
“It’s this form of forward thinking, hand-in-hand with Friends groups and community councils, which will enable us to take the parks forward but also ensure that any commercial activities fit in with local surroundings.”
 First published 24/09/14 
 