THE baths’ artist in residence, Ailie Rutherford, and archivist Paula Larkin are working to set up a permanent archive for the building and generations of people who used the facilities. Glasgow's Govanhill Baths looks to the next century with future project - Daily Record A COMMUNITY project is examining what the future may hold for the city’s Govanhill baths over the next 100 years.
Not content to simply mark a century since it opened, the people who now run the baths held a Doors Open Days event at the weekend as part of a project looking at what comes next for the building and residents.
The baths’ artist in residence, Ailie Rutherford, and archivist Paula Larkin are working to set up a permanent archive for the building and generations of people who used the facilities.
Ailie is hosting lunches where questions were written on napkins so diners could quiz each other about what the area’s future health might look like, what community spirit or art look like, and other questions.
 

She said: “It feels like quite a good time to focus a bit beyond right now.
“We want to create an archive of the future to sit alongside the archive of the past.
“The questions are just there to start the conversation. A lot of what I do is to bring people together to think about the future in different ways.”
This week a play titled “The Battle of Calder Street”, about the occupation of the building in 2001, will be performed at the baths.
Stevie West is a volunteer who does tours at the weekend and who is working on the Govanhill Theatre Group’s production.
He said: “If you imagine how much it’s changed in the last 100 years, it’s quite hard to imagine the next 100.
“Will swimming pools even still be in use then? Will health and safety changes mean we won’t get into a pool with other people?
 

“I certainly hope this building will still be here – I would imagine heritage will still be as important in 100 years.”
The baths used to be filled with 100 people at a time doing their washing in the steamie.
It has changed considerably in 100 years and even since it was closed by the city council and re-opened by the Govanhill Baths Community Trust.
Helen de Main said she imagined the baths would continue being a vital centre for the community and all the facilities would be open after the current &pound;12.5million campaign for redevelopment.
She said: “There’s no need for people to come to a steamie anymore, but what can that be turned into? What will we need 100 years from now?
“Govanhill needs some health and wellbeing services and community spaces that people can come to for free.”
Trust secretary Alan Walsh said the area needed a space where residents could come together and to help physical and mental health as well as community spirit.
He added: “People won’t come in to do their washing together, but we definitely need to have the swimming pool up and running and the community theatre group and people coming in to learn new skills.
“We’re not going to compete with the gym down the road, but hopefully our gym will be a way for people with medical issues to come in for more one-to-one sessions. Things we are already doing will go from strength to strength.”
 What future would you like for Govanhill and the baths in 100 years? Get in touch at reporters@glasgownow.co.uk. 
 

THE longest continuous occupation of a civic building in British history is the subject of a new play in Govanhill.
 “The Battle of Calder Street” is based largely on interviews with people involved in the campaign to save Govanhill Baths in 2001 as well as  news and TV reports from the time. 
Organisers said they hope it will show what can happen when a community comes together.
 Amongst the cast are Robert Radcliff playing the Lord Provost of Glasgow, Sir Daniel Macaulay Stevenson, who opened the baths on July 3, 1914, and  Bruce Downie, playing City Architect Alexander Beith McDonald. 
A production of Govanhill Theatre Group in the main pool area, the show started on Monday and runs until September 26 at 7.30pm with tickets costs &pound;10 and &pound;8 concession.
 For more information, contact info@govanhillbaths.com or call the office 0141  433 2999. 
 