THE rocker, a keen triathlete, was in the city for the Commonwealth Games and says she may be trying out the MACH public bicycle scheme. The Subways' Charlotte Cooper on her bike for Glasgow King Tut's gig - Daily Record IT’S set to be a case of ‘on yer bike’ for Charlotte Cooper when she rolls into Glasgow next month.
Because while The Subways star says she can’t wait to rock out at King Tut’s, the city’s public cycle hire scheme is set to be her supporting act.
Fans may best know the vocalist and bassist for her high-energy stage performances, but Cooper has another, somewhat surprising, passion besides rock and roll - triathlons.
Having first got into the event in 2011 after acing the London Marathon, she’s gone on to complete a clutch of Olympic and Middle distance races such as Challenge Roth and the Aquathlon World Championships.
Fitting then that the I Am Young rocker was last in Glasgow not for a concert, but for the biggest sporting event ever to hit Scotland, the Commonwealth Games.
She said: “Glasgow did itself proud, the whole city was alive, it was so well organised and it was just brilliant.
“It was just a few days before I’d done The Outlaw, an iron distance triathlon, so it was definitely inspirational to see some of the best in the world compete.”
But could there be a scenario which would see her compete in the Gold Coast 2018?
Laughing she said: “Nah, I drink far too much wine for that.”
There probably aren’t that many rockers who are accomplished athletes, but The Subways seem to like doing things differently.
Frontman Billy Lunn, who channels a wild energy in his lyrics and performance, is currently studying for an English literature A-level, doesn’t drink and has run in his local elections as a Labour councillor.
 

And unlike other bands, who often have a half-life of two to five years, the trio, who survived the break-up of Cooper and Lunn’s engagement, seem to enjoy the lifestyle more than ever a decade on, and are set to release their self-titled fourth album come February.
Charlotte, who spoke to Glasgow Now in the middle of a baking session (“very rock and roll”) said that 12 years on from first bursting onto the music scene with hits such as Oh Yeah and Rock and Roll Queen, the band are loving gigging more than ever, particularly the travel.
She said: “When we played Glastonbury this year, 10 years since we first played there, we came off stage and realised it’s amazing we’re still doing it and still loving it, we’re possibly loving it even more now.
“We feel lucky we’ve been able to go so many countries. Russia, South Africa, Eastern Europe, Japan, Australia. I would never get to go there if I wasn’t in a band so I think we’re really quite proud we’ve managed to do that.”
And although they’ve been around the world, Charlotte says a gig in Glasgow is always a pleasure.
“It’s always mental, which is good.” she explained.
“I remember one show at the Garage that was particularly insane.
“We’d never experienced anything like it, it was just arms and legs and beers and sweat and everything everywhere. Sauchiehall Street is great, I love sitting upstairs in the dressing room at ABC and looking out at the carnage on the dance floor.
“It’s an awesome city.”
The Subways play King Tut’s Wednesday October 22.
 