RUTH Geddes, 19, who went into hiding with her parents on Tuesday, has been detained by police and is being monitored round-the-clock in a psychiatric ward at Parkhead Hospital in Glasgow. Anorexic patient detained in psychiatric hospital despite her family's desperate plea for help - Daily Record A YOUNG woman with anorexia has been detained in a psychiatric hospital despite her family’s plea for help.
Ruth Geddes went into hiding with her parents on Tuesday after she was sectioned under the Mental Health Act by medics who feared the eating disorder was putting her life at risk.
 The family contacted the Daily Record and the 19-year-old lifeguard begged not to be locked up in hospital . 
But last night, Ruth’s mum confirmed her daughter had been detained by police and was being monitored round-the-clock in a psychiatric ward at Parkhead Hospital in Glasgow.
Eileen, 55, said: “Please help us. Ruth is being held and if she stays there she’ll die, I’m sure of that.
 “My solicitor can’t do anything and Ruth will be in hospital for at least 72 hours, when they  will review her situation. I know her weight is going to drop dramatically but it’s her spirits I’m worried about.” 
In a text message from her hospital bed, Ruth pled: “Mum, please get me out.”
Her dad Brian, 64, yesterday wrote to Health Secretary Alex Neil to raise his daughter’s plight.
In his letter, he said: “I fully accept you cannot get involved in clinical decisions but if she is kept in, there is great risk to her physical and mental health.
“She needs her job and freedom to keep her healthy and sane.”

Retired teacher Eileen and Brian, a helper for people with special needs, have fought a long battle with NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde over their daughter’s welfare.
Eileen said: “We’ve been fighting the system for years. These people have my daughter’s life in their hands and I want her freed.
“She’s going to die. It’s torture, I’m climbing the walls.”
Ruth, of Riddrie, Glasgow, has been living with anorexia since the death of her grandad Archie three years ago and has endured two previous traumatic spells detained on psychiatric wards.
 But her parents said she had turned her life around, was living independently and holding down  a job – and they believe she should get treated as an outpatient. 
Brian has also been in touch with Aberdeenshire West MSP Dennis Robertson, whose 18-year-old daughter Caroline died from anorexia in 2011.
The SNP politician has campaigned for greater awareness among medical professionals to enable sufferers to be diagnosed and treated earlier.
He said: “I’m working closely with the Scottish Government on how we develop the most appropriate care for people with eating disorders.
“I do realise that this is a very complex area and I will continue to support everyone involved in taking this forward.”
An NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde spokeswoman said: “Our staff have spoken to the family and reassured them that, in our view, detaining their daughter is the best course of action for her welfare.
“Our first priority is Ruth’s physical and mental wellbeing and we believe this can only be achieved in hospital at this moment in time.
“We have also indicated to the family our desire to work with them in the best interests of Ruth.”
The Scottish Government said: “While clinicians must always take decisions in the best interest of the patient, this is clearly a difficult situation and we hope the board can work with the family to find the best possible solution.”
CHARITIES yesterday called for specialised wards to treat troubled teenagers battling mental health problems such as anorexia.
It came after the Record raised the case of Ruth Geddes, who was initially treated in an adolescent ward in Glasgow’s Stobhill Hospital but was transferred to an adult unit at Parkhead when she turned 18.
Paula Lavis, who is a co-ordinator at the Mental Health Foundation’s Children and Young People’s Coalition, said: “We hear of young people’s experiences in adult wards – it’s very frightening and is very untherapeutic.
“It can be so frightening, especially if you don’t think you should be there and you are reasonably well.
“Being in that sort of environment can be unhealthy and they need to have some hope they will recover.”
Susan Ringwood, chief executive of eating disorder charity Beat, said: “What’s unusual and more challenging about an eating disorder is that it is the physical consequences of the illness that can be so dangerous.
“Sometimes if someone is at very low weight or their physical health has been affected by their eating disorder a hospital is really the only safe place for them to be.
“But, even so, they still need to be treated by someone with expertise in treating the mental side of the eating disorder.
“The one-size-fits-all approach doesn’t always work and if their health is compromised then they do need the medical support that they can only have in a hospital setting.
“This illness can be fatal in too many cases and people can be living on a knife edge and they might not realise how at risk their life can be.”
 