St Mirren manager Tommy Craig hopes his side's 2-2 draw at Aberdeen will prove a turning point in their season. St Mirren: Tommy Craig hopes point will be a springboard  St Mirren manager Tommy Craig hopes his side's 2-2 draw at Aberdeen will prove a turning point in their season. 
 A late Kenny McLean penalty earned the Buddies only their fourth point of the season in the Premiership. 
 &quot;I'm delighted as they have come to Pittodrie with Aberdeen flying high and shown they're up to the task,&quot; Craig told BBC Scotland. 
 &quot;It's going to be a fight but all of a sudden we can see ourselves maybe turning the corner.&quot; 
 The Dons dominated the match and goals from Mark Reynolds and Peter Pawlett gave them a deserved 2-0 lead. 
 “Since the first game of the season they've never lacked that belief and that gives me great encouragement” 
 Callum Ball cashed in on some slack defending to hit back immediately and after Reynolds handled in the area, McLean hauled his side level from 12 yards. 
 St Mirren remain second bottom of the table but they have closed the gap on Motherwell to three points. 
 &quot;It's a massive point,&quot; Craig added. &quot;The boys are in there saying 'It's St Johnstone away on Saturday and if we can get something there it gets us on the road back'. 
 &quot;I thought we were on our way to another one-goal defeat - that would have been six - but thankfully we got the penalty. It was handball. It was a break but maybe things are starting to run for us. 
 &quot;We knew Aberdeen were going to have more chances and that's how it panned out, but the fact we created chances gives them extra belief. 
 &quot;And since the first game of the season they've never lacked that belief and that gives me great encouragement.&quot; 
 The hosts missed a series of chances as St Mirren chased an equaliser, and Craig said that was a risk worth taking. 
 &quot;It was a gamble, and we did the same against Celtic,&quot; he added. 
 &quot;We tried to get as high up the pitch as possible and we were very aware that one ball can open you up, especially against the likes of Celtic and Aberdeen, but (Jim) Goodwin and (Marc) McAusland were magnificent.&quot; 
 