Kenny McLean's late penalty earned St Mirren an unlikely point at Pittodrie as Aberdeen were left counting the cost of missed chances.    Reynolds 45′  Pawlett 56′  
  Ball 57′  McLean 86′ (pen)  
 Kenny McLean's late penalty earned St Mirren an unlikely point at Pittodrie as Aberdeen were left counting the cost of missed chances. 
 The Dons took a deserved 2-0 lead through goals from Mark Reynolds and Peter Pawlett. 
 But Callum Ball's quickfire reply and McLean's spot-kick, after Reynolds had handled, claimed a share of the points. 
 The result ensured the Buddies picked up just their fourth point of the season, having played eight games. 
 Aberdeen went into their fourth home game in 11 days looking for their fourth consecutive win. They had defeated Ross County and Inverness in the Scottish Premiership either side of a 4-0 League Cup victory over Livingston. 
 The early threat came from the home side with Jonny Hayes testing St Mirren goalkeeper Marian Kello from distance while Buddies defender Marc McAusland picked up a yellow card for a crude challenge on David Goodwillie. 
 St Mirren were passing the ball well enough but were not really testing goalkeeper Jamie Langfield, until defender Ash Taylor made a mistake with an attempted back-pass. Gregg Wylde raced in on goal but his tame effort was saved by Langfield. 
 Soon after the keeper was well beaten following a neat move by St Mirren, but McLean's drive from outside the area clipped the bar on its way over. 
 Adam Rooney had scored four goals in two games going into this one but the striker squandered a glorious chance to edge the Dons ahead, nodding wide at the far post. 
 Kello then did well to block David Goodwillie's close-range effort after the striker latched on to Rooney's knock down. 
 The hosts began to create plenty of chances and just before half-time the opener arrived. St Mirren failed to deal with a corner and after Goodwillie's back-heel was blocked, the ball broke to Reynolds and he drilled it home. 
 Pawlett grabbed the second after the break, smashing a shot beyond Kello when Hayes' cross eventually fell to him after Goodwillie was unable to finish. 
 It looked like game over, but only for a few seconds. 
 Slackness from Taylor allowed Wylde to race upfield and when he crossed into the area, Langfield was indecisive and Hayes hesitated, allowing Ball to finish from a tight angle. 
 The Dons responded to that setback by frantically chasing the third goal that would finally put the game beyond St Mirren's reach, but efforts from Shay Logan, Goodwillie and Rooney were kept out by Kello. 
 And with just minutes left to play, John McGinn sent a cross into the area and Reynolds handballed, leaving referee Crawford Allan with little choice but to point to the spot. McLean showed composure from the spot to put St Mirren level. 
 Still the chances came for Aberdeen but they were unable to find the goal their play merited. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Aberdeen 2, St. Mirren 2. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Aberdeen 2, St. Mirren 2. 
 Foul by Barry Robson (Aberdeen). 
 James Marwood (St. Mirren) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Ash Taylor (Aberdeen) header from very close range is just a bit too high following a corner. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Jim Goodwin. 
 Jonny Hayes (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by James Marwood (St. Mirren). 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Marc McAusland. 
 Attempt missed. David Goodwillie (Aberdeen) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
  Goal!  Goal! Aberdeen 2, St. Mirren 2. Kenny McLean (St. Mirren) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the bottom left corner. 
 Penalty conceded by Mark Reynolds (Aberdeen) with a hand ball in the penalty area. 
 Attempt saved. Adam Rooney (Aberdeen) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Cameron Smith (Aberdeen) header from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Shaleum Logan (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by John McGinn (St. Mirren). 
 Foul by David Goodwillie (Aberdeen). 
 Jim Goodwin (St. Mirren) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Mark Reynolds (Aberdeen). 
 (St. Mirren) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Andrew Considine (Aberdeen) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Jim Goodwin. 
 Attempt blocked. David Goodwillie (Aberdeen) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Aberdeen. Cameron Smith replaces Peter Pawlett because of an injury. 
  Booking  Willo Flood (Aberdeen) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Willo Flood (Aberdeen). 
 Kenny McLean (St. Mirren) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, St. Mirren. Ross Caldwell replaces Thomas Reilly. 
 Attempt saved. Adam Rooney (Aberdeen) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Shaleum Logan (Aberdeen) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
  Booking  Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) is shown the yellow card. 
 Kenny McLean (St. Mirren) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Aberdeen. Andrew Considine replaces Niall McGinn. 
 Foul by Adam Rooney (Aberdeen). 
 Kenny McLean (St. Mirren) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Attempt saved. Kenny McLean (St. Mirren) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Hand ball by David Goodwillie (Aberdeen). 
 Attempt missed. Kenny McLean (St. Mirren) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Attempt blocked. Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. 
 Attempt saved. Niall McGinn (Aberdeen) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Niall McGinn (Aberdeen) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 (St. Mirren) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Adam Rooney (Aberdeen). 
  Booking  Kenny McLean (St. Mirren) is shown the yellow card. 
  Goal!  Goal! Aberdeen 2, St. Mirren 1. Callum Ball (St. Mirren) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Gregg Wylde. 
 Foul by Adam Rooney (Aberdeen). 
 Sean Kelly (St. Mirren) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Aberdeen 2, St. Mirren 0. Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt missed. Barry Robson (Aberdeen) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high from a direct free kick. 
  Booking  Jim Goodwin (St. Mirren) is shown the yellow card. 
 Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jim Goodwin (St. Mirren). 
 Attempt missed. Niall McGinn (Aberdeen) left footed shot from the right side of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Thomas Reilly (St. Mirren). 
 Corner, St. Mirren. Conceded by Adam Rooney. 
 Corner, St. Mirren. Conceded by Adam Rooney. 
 Corner, St. Mirren. Conceded by Barry Robson. 
 Attempt blocked. Callum Ball (St. Mirren) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
   Second Half begins Aberdeen 1, St. Mirren 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Aberdeen 1, St. Mirren 0. 
  Goal!  Goal! Aberdeen 1, St. Mirren 0. Mark Reynolds (Aberdeen) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Jason Naismith. 
 Foul by Mark Reynolds (Aberdeen). 
 James Marwood (St. Mirren) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Attempt blocked. Shaleum Logan (Aberdeen) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Jim Goodwin. 
 Attempt saved. David Goodwillie (Aberdeen) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Niall McGinn (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jason Naismith (St. Mirren). 
 Foul by Adam Rooney (Aberdeen). 
 Jim Goodwin (St. Mirren) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Adam Rooney (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jim Goodwin (St. Mirren). 
 Attempt blocked. Thomas Reilly (St. Mirren) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. 
 Foul by Jonny Hayes (Aberdeen). 
 Thomas Reilly (St. Mirren) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Adam Rooney (Aberdeen) header from very close range is close, but misses to the left following a corner. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Marc McAusland. 
 Foul by Barry Robson (Aberdeen). 
 James Marwood (St. Mirren) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Shaleum Logan (Aberdeen). 
 John McGinn (St. Mirren) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Mari&aacute;n Kello. 
 Attempt saved. Niall McGinn (Aberdeen) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. 
 Shaleum Logan (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Callum Ball (St. Mirren). 
 Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jason Naismith (St. Mirren). 
 Kenny McLean (St. Mirren) hits the bar with a left footed shot from outside the box. 
 Corner, St. Mirren. Conceded by Jamie Langfield. 
 Attempt saved. Gregg Wylde (St. Mirren) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Willo Flood (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kenny McLean (St. Mirren). 
 Barry Robson (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by James Marwood (St. Mirren). 
 Willo Flood (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by John McGinn (St. Mirren). 
 Attempt missed. Willo Flood (Aberdeen) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt saved. Sean Kelly (St. Mirren) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, St. Mirren. Conceded by Ash Taylor. 
  Booking  Marc McAusland (St. Mirren) is shown the yellow card. 
 David Goodwillie (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Marc McAusland (St. Mirren). 
 Attempt saved. Jonny Hayes (Aberdeen) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt blocked. John McGinn (St. Mirren) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Foul by Jonny Hayes (Aberdeen). 
 Jason Naismith (St. Mirren) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 