Celtic boss Ronny Deila is confident Kris Commons and Stefan Scepovic will overcome injuries ahead of Thursday's Europa League tie with Dinamo Zagreb.  Date: Thursday, 2 October. Venue: Celtic Park, Glasgow. Kick-off: 20:05 BST.
Coverage: Listen on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW and DAB digital radio, live text commentary on BBC Sport website.
 Celtic boss Ronny Deila is confident Kris Commons and Stefan Scepovic will overcome injuries ahead of Thursday's Europa League tie with Dinamo Zagreb. 
 Playmaker Commons missed the weekend win at St Mirren with a strained gluteal muscle, while striker Scepovic picked up a knock in training. 
 Defender Jason Denayer is likely to return from injury, but striker John Guidetti is ineligible. 
 James Forrest, Mikael Lustig, Adam Matthews and Charlie Mulgrew are out. 
 Scotland winger Forrest has only managed three appearances this season and Deila will not rush the 23-year-old back. 
 &quot;James Forrest still has time to go,&quot; explained the Norwegian. &quot;We can maybe start talking about him after the international break.&quot; 
 Guidetti has scored three goals in four games since joining on loan from Manchester City, but the Swede's move to Glasgow was finalised after the deadline for Europa League squad registration. 
 Scepovic led the line in the previous group game - a 2-2 draw at Salzburg  - but the Serb has yet to find the net in five appearances. 
 &quot;We had a slight injury for Scepovic, but we hope he'll be ready for the game,&quot; said Deila. &quot;He got a kick at training and we will see how it is tomorrow. 
 &quot;Kris Commons will be ready and Jason is looking good.&quot; 
 Guidetti, 22, knocked in both goals in Saturday's win at St Mirren, but Deila is sanguine about the team's prospects without their in-form forward. 
 &quot;We want to have every player available, but we knew this when we signed him, so we won't waste any energy on that,&quot; added Deila. 
 &quot;We have a lot of strikers and they will get a chance - that's a positive.&quot; 
 Anthony Stokes, Jo Inge Berget and Leigh Griffiths are centre forward options if Scepovic fails to prove his fitness. 
 &quot;We have a big squad and we will have a good team,&quot; said Deila, who is targeting 10 points in the group. &quot;It's a big game, one we are all looking forward to.&quot; 
 