Scottish journalist jobs are to be cut as newspapers cut costs and introduce technological change. Jobs threat at Scottish newspaper titles Scottish journalist jobs are to be cut as newspapers cut costs and introduce technological change.
The Herald and Times titles in Glasgow are to shed 12 out of 160 newsroom jobs as their owner, Newsquest, invests in a new editorial system. 
This is expected to see much of its sub-editing work carried out outside Scotland.
It is designed to let journalists file articles more easily through new publishing software. 
Further changes are also being planned to the Scotsman stable of newspaper titles in Edinburgh. 
The BBC has learned that plans have been drawn up for Evening News staff to be merged with the journalists who produce The Scotsman and Scotland on Sunday. Those two national titles already have joint staffing.
The jobs being shed at the Herald and Times Group follow a &pound;200,000 investment in new technology. While the papers will continue to look the same, editors will choose page designs from a library of options, rather than drawing up each page.
Reports and photographs will be processed more efficiently and quickly placed on the publishers' websites.
The sub-editing, or processing of some articles is already carried out in Wales, and US-owned Newsquest is to centralise more of its Glasgow journalism.
However, managing director Tim Blott emphasised that editorial decisions and budget control will be retained at the Glasgow office.
He said: &quot;We are committed to giving our readers the best possible service of unique and compelling content, whether online or in print. Our coverage of the Glasgow Commonwealth Games and the Scottish independence referendum was second to none&quot;.
The circulation of the Sunday Herald has risen since it became the only national title to campaign for Scottish independence. 
Mr Blott said The Herald's circulation has also risen in the past few months, which he described as &quot;almost unique in the British newspaper industry&quot;.
&quot;Our digital subscriptions and online audiences for our news web sites and apps are at record levels,&quot; he said. &quot;We believe strongly in the future of Scottish journalism.&quot;
Newsquest also owns s1, a Glasgow-based advertising website for homes, jobs and leisure, which is taking on 18 more staff.
The Scotsman group did not respond to a request for information about the future of the Evening News staff.
 