Celtic manager Ronny Deila says he has twin targets this season - the domestic treble and qualification from his side's Europa League group. Celtic: Ronny Deila targets treble and Europa League progress Date: Thursday, 2 October. Venue: Celtic Park, Glasgow. Kick-off: 20:05 BST.
Coverage: Listen on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW and DAB digital radio, live text commentary on BBC Sport website.
 Celtic manager Ronny Deila says he has twin targets this season - the domestic treble and qualification from his side's Europa League group. 
 The Norwegian says 10 points would ensure the latter and he hopes to deliver them with three wins at Celtic Park, starting on Thursday night. 
 &quot;The target is to get through and to do that we need 10 points,&quot; he said ahead of Dinamo Zagreb's visit to Glasgow. 
 &quot;The goal in Scotland, of course, is to win everything.&quot; 
 Deila's squad against Dinamo Zagreb will include Kris Commons and Stefan Scepovic and he is hopeful both forwards will be fit despite sitting out Tuesday's training. 
 And, although he admits Zagreb are a good side, he is adamant Celtic are too as he aims to build on the opening group draw away to Salzburg. 
 &quot;They are quite similar to Salzburg - different but the same level as them,&quot; suggested the Norwegian. 
 &quot;They like to play 4-3-3 and have good rotation on the sides. They can create in the wide areas and are good on the ball. 
 &quot;They have started the season well and have started the Europa League fantastically - and to win 5-1 against Astra shows they have good quality.&quot; 
 Celtic failed to qualify for the Champions League group stages and lie five points behind Scottish Premiership leaders Dundee United, albeit with a game in hand. 
 However, Deila insists there was always going to be a transitional period after he took over from Neil Lennon in the summer. 
 &quot;We are going very well and in the right way, but it's very difficult in the short-term to win games all the time and to improve the team,&quot; he said. 
 &quot;It has been a very tough start, but I knew it would be as there's been a lot of changes for me, the players and club - and a lot of important matches. 
 &quot;That was the reality, but things are settling down and we understand each other much more now. 
 &quot;Now we need to get consistency in the team, get people back from injury and get people playing week-in, week-out. 
 &quot;We want to get a good result and, if we can do that against Dinamo Zagreb, we will have had a good start in the Europa League.&quot; 
 