Paisley woman Laura Haveron is due to fly to Namibia on Monday, having spent two years preparing for the adventure I'm going nowhere - Daily Record A heartbroken florist’s dream trip to Africa to take part in a charity trek was in tatters last night...after she lost her passport during a shopping expedition.
Paisley woman Laura Haveron is due to fly to Namibia on Monday, having spent two years preparing for the adventure.
However, she has been left grounded by her shopping mishap – and her only hope is that someone finds the missing passport within the next 72 hours.
Laura, 26, told the Paisley Daily Express: “I’m absoutely gutted.
“I was in tears when I realised I’d lost my passport.
“I’d been so looking forward to going to Africa for the charity trek but losing my passport has killed my dream.
“All I can do is plead for help to find it.
“I’ve been preparing for the charity challenge for two years but, unless my passport turns up, it will all be ruined.”
Laura, of Castle Gait, lost the passport while she was out shopping on Monday.
She had visited shops in George Street and Paisley town centre before moving on to Renfrew, and her heart sank when she got out of her car and discovered her passport was gone.
Laura, who signed up for the 100-mile African trek to raise cash for a cancer charity, contacted the Passport Office in Glasgow, in the hope they could issue a replacement as an emergency measure, but has been left disappointed.
She said: “I was told it would take at least a week to get a replacement because it is classed as a lost passport but that will be too late for me to travel to Africa.
“I’m due to take part in a trek through the Namib Desert in aid of the Michelle Henderson Cervical Cancer Trust and have been training hard for it – working at the gym and running outdoors.
“My cousin and I have raised more than &pound;4,000 for the charity through various activities, including a climb up Ben Lomond in preparation for the trek, so I’d be devastated to miss out now.”
Laura has also been in touch with the police, in the hope someone had handed her passport to them, but had no luck there either.
She added: “I’d be so grateful if someone was able to come to the rescue by finding my passport.”
● If you can help Laura, call her on 0789 456 0541 or send an e-mail to laurahaveron@icloud.com. Alternatively, call Ron Moore in the Express newsroom on 0141 887 7911
 