Strikers John Guidetti and Stefan Scepovic could return for Celtic's encounter with Hamilton on Sunday.  Date: Sunday, 5 October. Venue: Celtic Park, Glasgow. Kick-off: 13:00 BST.
Coverage: Commentary and updates BBC Sport website.
 Strikers John Guidetti and Stefan Scepovic could return for Celtic's encounter with Hamilton on Sunday. 
 Guidetti was ineligible for the Europa League win over Dinamo Zagreb, which Scepovic missed with a knock. 
 Charlie Mulgrew, Mikael Lustig and Adam Matthews are close to fitness but are unlikely to be risked, while James Forrest remains out. 
 Hamilton's Martin Canning will have a fitness test while Darian MacKinnon completes a four-match suspension. 
  Celtic defender Efe Ambrose:  &quot;The feeling is good because it's been quite a long time since we won a European game at home, so it brought back the winning mentality we used to have at Celtic Park. 
 &quot;It's been a difficult European campaign so we have started to improve. We are not there yet but we are working hard to get to the level the manager wants us to get. It will take a little bit of time, but we know he has a plan and his ambition for the club is good. 
 &quot;He is trying to bring a new style into our game, which is different for us, but every manager has his own game plan and tactics. 
 &quot;As players we just have to give him maximum co-operation, work hard in training and improve on every section of training, because that is where you learn and that is what you put into the game. 
 &quot;The most important thing is determination, how you prepare your body, staying away from injury and keeping fit. These are key points he is putting into us.&quot; 
  Hamilton Academical manager Alex Neil:  &quot;The fact Celtic are playing on Thursday will either make them change their team and freshen it up, which might give us an incentive, or their players could be fatigued. 
 &quot;We are looking for any bit of comfort we can get in terms of getting a slight advantage over Celtic. 
 &quot;We are going to Celtic park knowing we have to play to our maximum and hopefully we can get something from the game.&quot; 
 