Kallum Higginbotham will miss Partick Thistle's Scottish Premiership meeting with Motherwell and will go undergo knee surgery next week.  Date: Saturday, 4 October. Venue: Firhill Stadium, Glasgow. Kick-off: 15:00 BST.
Coverage: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland &amp; BBC Sport website.
 Kallum Higginbotham will miss Partick Thistle's Scottish Premiership meeting with Motherwell and will go undergo knee surgery next week. 
 The forward will be out for up to four months and Gary Fraser and Sean Welsh are also currently sidelined. 
 Steven Hammell, Keith Lasley, Iain Vigurs and Mark O'Brien are all back for Motherwell after injury. 
 But Jack Leitch, Paul Lawson and Craig Reid join long-term injury victim Craig Moore on the sidelines. 
 Stephen McManus has recovered from the knock that forced him off at half-time last weekend. 
  Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald:  &quot;As a manager you look at a team coming and usually you have an idea of what kind of team is going to play, but Stuart [McCall] has changed it totally in the last three games so I don't know. 
 &quot;Like us, they are struggling for consistency. They were used to having that last year but like ourselves they have a few players out and any team will struggle without having key players playing for you. 
 &quot;It is two teams coming off disappointing results and performances so I think you will see two teams having a go on Saturday.&quot; 
  Motherwell manager Stuart McCall:  &quot;We'll be looking for a reaction. We are always open and honest between the players and staff. They knew they let themselves down last week, let the supporters down, and as a group we let people down. 
 &quot;We now have to show that we have the spirit and determination and desire to bounce back, which we have done year after year after year. 
 &quot;I've watched it two or three times and it doesn't get any better, but we gave away two goals from individual errors and a dubious penalty. 
 &quot;We need to get over it and there is no better way than to go and win your next game. You always have another game.&quot; 
 