A man who was jailed for life for a stabbing murder in Dunoon has failed in a bid to have his conviction quashed. Dunoon knife murderer loses appeal against conviction A man who was jailed for life for a stabbing murder in Dunoon has failed in a bid to have his conviction quashed. 
Paul Deeney, 35, wore latex gloves, and a hood to stop him being recognised, while carrying out the attack on 33-year-old Mark McGaughie in May 2012.
He was jailed in February 2013 and ordered to serve at least 20 years.
Deeney claimed the judge in his trial had misdirected the jury but appeal court judges ruled there had not been a miscarriage of justice.
Lord Eassie, Lady Paton and Lady Smith ruled that trial judge Lord Brailsford had acted correctly when he gave legal directions to the jury. 
In a written judgement at the Court of Criminal Appeal in Edinburgh, Lord Eassie wrote: &quot;We must refuse the appeal against conviction.&quot; 
The appeal court judges did, however, allow for an appeal against the sentence given to Deeney to go ahead. It will be heard at a later date.
Mr McGauchie was found dead at the property in the Argyll and Bute town's Cowal Place. 
Deeney's trial heard how he armed himself with a knife taken from his girlfriend's flat prior to the killing. 
He also put on latex gloves and doubled them up with a regular pair of gloves in a bid at preventing fingerprints being left behind. 
Deeney wore a hooded top to stop him being recognised during the killing. 
Passing sentence, Lord Brailsford told Deeney: &quot;Regarding the circumstances of the offence, this was premeditated. You went to the unfortunate victim's home and plainly murdered him.&quot; 
It emerged after the verdict that Deeney has a lengthy criminal past dating back to the 1990s. 
He had previously received jail terms of seven years and five years for charges of assault and robbery. 
Deeney, originally of Port Glasgow, Inverclyde, was convicted of a domestic assault months before the murder and was jailed for 40 days. 
 