A Salmonella outbreak in the Glasgow, Lanarkshire and Highland areas has been linked to hospitality at Celtic Park. Salmonella cases linked to hospitality at Celtic Park A Salmonella outbreak in the Glasgow, Lanarkshire and Highland areas has been linked to hospitality at Celtic Park.
NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde (GGC) said 11 people who had eaten at the stadium on 21 September, the day Celtic played Motherwell, had fallen ill.
The health board said all 11 cases were recovering in the community.
Environmental health teams are content with food production within Celtic Park kitchen and the investigation is focusing on external suppliers.
Dr Gillian Penrice, lead consultant in public health medicine at NHS GGC, said: &quot;The incubation period for salmonella is usually between 24 to 72 hours, meaning that the likelihood of any new cases linked to this situation is small.
&quot;All 11 cases are recovering at home and our investigations into the source are continuing. 
&quot;I would stress however that this appears to have been an isolated cluster of cases, that there is no ongoing risk to customers and that we are satisfied with the food handling and hygiene at Celtic Park.&quot;
NHS GGC said environmental health officers visited Celtic Park as soon as they became aware of the outbreak.
The officials were satisfied that the food production processes within the Celtic Park kitchen were &quot;appropriate&quot;.
The health board said the food business operator at the stadium was &quot;co-operating fully with the investigation&quot; which involves other health board areas, Health Protection Scotland, the Food Standards Agency (FSA) and Glasgow City Council environmental health.
NHS GGC said investigations were currently focusing on the external suppliers of ingredients to Celtic Park.
The FSA has advised that there are currently no other related salmonella incidents which they are aware of relating to any of the foods involved.
NHS GGC said nine of the 11 cases had been confirmed through laboratory testing.
One individual, who had an underlying health condition, required a short stay in hospital but was later discharged.
 