NICK Hedges' collection of black and white photos taken in tenement areas like the Gorbals and Maryhill highlight the decrepit living conditions in 1970. Haunting images of Glasgow slum reveal ghosts of poverty for first time in photo exhibition - Daily Record THESE heartbreaking, shocking photos of urban poverty in Glasgow look like something out of a Dickens novel but were taken less than 50 years ago.
They depict slum-like conditions in tenements from areas like the Gorbals and Maryhill, where families faced rat-infested homes, damp walls and demolition gangs moving in without a moment’s notice.
The photographs were taken in 1970 by acclaimed snapper Nick Hedges for homelessness charity Shelter but have only just been released to the public thanks to a new exhibition launching in London this week.
The Make Life Worth Living display at the Science Museum has been launched by Shelter to show how many areas in the UK have been regenerated in the past 40 years, but also to highlight how many people still struggle in poverty in the 21st century.

Nick said: “Although these photographs have become historical documents, they serve to remind us that secure and adequate housing is the basis of a civilised urban society.
“The failure of successive governments to provide it is a sad mark of society’s inaction. The photographsshould allow us to celebrate progress, yet all they can do is haunt us with a sense of failure.”
Shelter chief executive Campbell Robb said: “Nick’s pictures were crucial to the early days of Shelter’s campaigning, capturing a stark reality that many people in Britain couldn’t even imagine, let alone believe, was happening in their community.
“Many of the scenes that Nick captured are from places that have long since been regenerated but conditions not a million miles from these exist in our communities even now, with poor housing, sky-high house prices, rogue landlords and a housing safety net that’s being cut to shreds, leading three million people to turn to Shelter each year.
 

“It’s nearly 50 years since these pictures were taken and the Shelter journey began. I truly hope in another 50 years, our journey will have long been completed and that bad housing and homelessness will be a thing of the past rather than a challenge for our future.”
Nick spent three years travelling around areas of deprivation all across the UK to create this significant body of work reflecting the distressing reality of housing for many. He gave 1000 of his prints to the National Media Museum in 1983 but until now their use has been restricted to protect the privacy of his subjects.
Make Life Worth Living: Nick Hedges’ Photographs for Shelter, 1968-72 will run until January 18 next year in the Virgin Media Studio, Media Space, Science Museum, London. Full details at www.sciencemuseum.org.uk/makelifeworthliving

 