HERO George Ferrier was hit with a baseball bat as robbers raided the Argyll Arcade in Glasgow before getting away with a haul of luxury watches. Hero security guard tells of ordeal as robbers clubbed him to the ground during raid on Glasgow arcade - Daily Record THE heist took place in broad daylight, targeting elite jewellers on Scotland’s most famous shopping street, and was captured on CCTV.
The swiftness of the raid and the brutality of its execution was the stuff of movies - and several shoppers made their own videos as the terrifying action unfolded.
The Daily Record has now tracked down the unwitting hero of the CCTV and mobile phone film clips that became sensations on social media.
Grandad George Ferrier, 56, was the top-hatted security guard who took on the four masked raiders who descended on the Argyll Arcade on Glasgow’s Buchanan Street on Wednesday, September 24.
For his troubles, which went way beyond the line of duty, heroic George was clubbed down and hospitalised by the “ninjas in the mist” raiders but his only thoughts were for the workers he was employed to defend.
Last night he still sported deep bruises to the back of his legs, where one raider smashed him with a baseball bat as he guarded the posh mall.
Still traumatised from his ordeal, brave George told how adrenaline and instinct kicked in during the raid, which lasted 57 seconds and netted a haul of watches worth &pound;200,000.
He said: “It came out of the blue and I didn’t really have time to think. I can barely remember what they were shouting but my only real instinct was to make sure none of the girls in the shops were in danger. That’s what I’m paid for.

“I got quite a hard whack in the legs but I got up and, for some reason, put my top hat back on, as the penny dropped about what was happening.
“My main memory was these four figures dressed in black emerging from the smoke with balaclavas on, carrying axes, a sledgehammer and what I thought was a baseball bat.
“My first thought was that I might be able to grab the guy with the baseball bat but when the smoke cleared a bit I could see the guy coming at me actually had an axe - so I thought, ‘I’m not paid enough for this’.
“I remember thinking they looked like ninjas. With the weapons they had, it could have been a lot worse.”
Four high-end jewellery shops – Rox, Mappin &amp; Webb, Laing the Jeweller and Lewis Grant – were targeted.
But the gang only got away with 18 high-end watches from Rox.
Videos and still photographs posted on Facebook and Twitter show George being clubbed in the back of his knees as he stands guard in the mall.
He instinctively rises to his feet and, despite his excruciating injuries, is seen staggering after the raiders into the arcade.
 

A few seconds later, after the robbers have hit four elite jewellers, George is seen clearly shepherding staff back into their shops and out of danger as axe-wielding robbers emerge from the smoke, screaming that they will kill whoever gets in their way.
They run past George on their way to Buchanan Street before escaping via a side street to a waiting getaway car.
George said: “There are normally three guards on shift but that reduces to two at lunchtime. I don’t know if the robbers were aware of this.
“I was pacing between Buchanan Street and a stairway a few yards inside the arcade when I heard the commotion. I was looking into the arcade and, just as I turned my head back towards Buchanan Street, a guy whacked me on the legs.
“I honestly don’t remember what the guys were shouting but I think it was threats, from what other people have said.
“When I hit the deck I was down for a few seconds but my instinct was to get up. I think it’s maybe a Glasgow thing or it’s just survival instinct - I was determined to get up fast before anyone jumped on me and got on top of me.
“They ran past me towards Rox and I became aware of the smoke going up, so I knew someone had hit the panic button, which was good.
“I ran in the direction the robbers had gone and I was making towards Rox. The staff there are all female and that might have been in the robbers’ minds.
“I’m aware that I got as far as Mr Harold and Laings and I was shouting to the staff, “Get inside and lock the f****** door.’
“I’m a bit embarrassed for the language and I apologise for it but I guess I was under a bit of pressure at the time.
“At this stage I wasn’t too aware of the pain in my legs but I guess this was just adrenaline. When I saw the guys running back at me and I saw the axe I just wanted to step aside and let them go, which I did. I held my hands up and let them run past me.”
 

George, who has worked as a security guard at the Argyll Arcade for a year, said the raid showed a mix of professional and amateur touches.
He said: “They must have planned things quite well because they ran right into Rox. They have a wide open entry there and you can’t just press a button and close the doors.
“They were in and out inside a minute too, which was incredible speed.
“But taking a sledgehammer to the window of Mappin and Webb was a waste of time. You could drive a truck at that window and it wouldn’t cave in.”

Within two of the robbers fleeing, firefighters were on the scene, followed a few minutes later by police.
George was taken to the Royal Infirmary, where he was treated for severe bruising to his legs.
He later attended his GP, who diagnosed that he was suffering from stress relating to his trauma.
George said: “It seems a bit surreal to be honest and part of me wondered if it was a student prank.”
He said he will never forget the day as it was his partner Annette Bradshaw’s 53rd birthday.
He said: “Annette was out in town and she heard that there had been a raid at the Argyll Arcade and she thought she was getting a wind-up.
“But the videos were all popping up on the internet within five minutes of the raid happening, so she soon realised it was true.
“She was worried sick and it was quite obvious in the videos that it was me that was being attacked.”
George, from Springburn, Glasgow, told how he was given a dressing down after a previous theft from a store, after he chased a raider down Buchanan Street.

He said: “It was a smartly dressed guy who snatched a watch from Rox and he just took off and ran down Buchanan Street. There was no way I was catching him but I took after him by instinct.
“When I got back I get a right talking to, as we’re not insured beyond the boundaries of the Argyll Arcade.”
You get to know the people to look out for. If someone comes in chewing gum, it’s a red flag right away because this is an old trick.
 

“People have used this to steal rings by getting a selection out to try on. They will get the gum in their finger and quickly stick a ring to it and conceal it under a desk.
“That means that if they are searched they won’t have any stolen item on them and an accomplice can come in and remove the ring.”
George’s normal working day involves starting at 7am, when he dresses in a formal uniform, involving a tailed coat, waistcoat, trousers, shoes and top hat.
The gang, who are still at large, escaped with 18 luxury Hublot and Bell &amp; Ross watches.
Three Hublots, worth &pound;31,600, were also damaged during the robbery.
If the windows they targeted had smashed it is thought the haul could have been millions.
They sped off in a white Volkswagen Golf, later swapped for a Vauxhall Combo van, which joined the M8 bound for Edinburgh.

 