READ our weather, travel and route guide to the Great Scottish Run and enjoy our pictures which feature some of the runners taking part. Great Scottish run: 30,000 runners pound the tarmac in Glasgow - Daily Record MORE than 30,000 runners of all abilities took to the streets for the Great Scottish Run 10K and half marathon in Glasgow.
The MET Office issued reports for thick cloud and scattered showers, but will gave way to some brighter spells over Glasgow with a maximum temperature of 14&nbsp;C.
Both events began in George Square, with a course featuring famous venues from this summer's Commonwealth Games as well as crossing the River Clyde, through two of Glasgow's best-kept parks, before heading back for the grandstand finish on Glasgow Green.

 

The 10K course is a shorter adaptation of the half marathon, weaving back and forth across the River Clyde.
The route took runners past many of Glasgow’s most iconic landmarks and buildings, such as the Squinty Bridge, Pacific Quay, the SSE Hydro and the Daily Record building on the 'Murder Mile' between Lancefield Quay and Glasgow Green.
 

Starting from George Square in the heart of Glasgow city centre, the half marathon takes runners across the Clyde and through the greenery of Pollok Park in the south side of Glasgow.
Bagpipers, drumming bands and cheering zones gave participants and spectators plenty to keep them going over the course of the event.
The first wave of the 10K startedat 9.30, while the elite athletes began the half marathon at 11am.&nbsp;
Advice from Traveline Scotland advised commuters to stick to public transport or adhere to road closures in and around the city.
The bus and taxi lane between Union Street and Hope Street has been rescinded to allow traffic to continue moving East while the Broomielaw, the SECC area and St Vincent Street remain closed.
Commuters and pedestrians are advised to review the travel information section of the Great Scottish Run website.
 
Good luck to everyone running in @GreatScotRun today! Great sight seeing so many people running through the city

All week, the Daily Record and Sunday Mail have been covering the hype leading up to today's running event - one of the biggest mass-participation sporting events the country has to offer.
Yesterday, 3,000 kids took part in Super Saturday 2.5K , with Ethiopian long-distance runner Haile Gebrselassie encouraging Scotland's young runners from the starting block to the finish line.
Record-breaking Haile has said that he can't wait to defend his Great Scottish Run title. The 41-year-old Ethiopian won last year’s race in 61 minutes 9 seconds, the fastest time ever recorded in Scotland for the 13.1 mile half marathon distance and also a world age-group record.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 