THE Sunday Mail can reveal that Police Scotland have refused to rule out links with a robbery at McGowans jewellers in Bearsden in April. Armed thugs who robbed Glasgow jewellery arcade may have performed similar siege six months earlier - Daily Record THE armed gang who robbed a busy jewellery arcade may have performed a similar raid six months earlier.
The four-man team, brandishing hammers and axes, escaped with 18 watches worth &pound;198,001 from Rox jewellers in Argyll Arcade , Glasgow, by smashing the front display window.
We can reveal that Police Scotland have refused to rule out links with a robbery at McGowans jewellers in Bearsden, East Dunbartonshire, in April.
Their shop window was also smashed and a quantity of rings and bracelets were taken by two masked men.
Police Scotland described the crime as a “high value” theft but no exact figure was given.
It is thought the raiders escaped in a white Nissan 4x4 car.
No one has been arrested in connection with the robbery.

One theory is that the raids might be one of a series of armed robberies being committed by small-time dealers who have run up debts with drug barons.
A Police Scotland spokesman said of the McGowans robbery: “We are looking at all possible lines of inquiry.”
The Argyll Arcade raid happened on September 24 .
The gang failed in bids to rob Mappin and Webb, Laing and Lewis Grant stores.
They were foiled when a Laing worker pressed a panic button and activated a smoke system which took just seconds to disorientate the raiders and frighten them off.

The scene was so dramatic that shoppers thought the gang had launched an attack using smoke bombs.
Their getaway car, a white Volkswagen Golf dumped in the nearby Townhead area, had been stolen in Haddington, East Lothian, more than 60 miles away.
They then made off in a second vehicle, a Vauxhall Combo van, and headed east on the M8.
Three Hublot watches worth &pound;31,600 were also damaged in the raid.
Last week the Sunday Mail published exclusive footage of the 54-second heist.

CCTV stills from inside the mall shows one woman – pushing a baby in a buggy – fleeing in terror as a thug smashes a hammer into a guard’s legs. The footage also shows the brave man, dressed in the arcade’s traditional uniform complete with top hat, giving chase in a bid to stop the thugs.
The video then captures terrified shoppers fleeing as the gang continue their raid . Around 50 seconds later, the four robbers come back into the frame as they make their escape.
In other video footage taken of the raid, one gang member is heard saying: “Out the way or I will kill you all.”
 