WHETHER you take the high road or the low road, be mindful where you stop to set up your tent Anti-social acts prompt Loch Lomond camp crackdown WHETHER you take the high road or the low road, be mindful where you stop to set up your tent. 


Camping restrictions in and around one of Scotland’s premier tourist destinations are to be significantly expanded in an attempt to curb anti-social behaviour. 
New byelaws planned by the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park Authority (LLTNPA) would curb unauthorised camping across vast swathes of the iconic loch’s shorelines as well as those surrounding Loch Earn, Loch Long and Loch Vennachar. 
The authority, responsible for the management of Scotland’s first national park, points to a growing body of evidence that that natural beauty of the area is being damaged by overuse and irresponsible visitors, who intimidate locals, leave behind litter and human waste, and even chop down trees for firewood.
It describes the new measures as “unashamedly ambitious” and claims they will help transform “problem areas” where visitor areas are in a “very poor and deteriorating state” into “world class destinations.”
The LLTNPA today approved a 12 week public consultation on the extended byelaws, part of a package which also calls for expanded formal campsites and motorhome bays across its 720 square miles remit.
The existing byelaws heralded an 81% reduction in anti-social behaviour between 2009 and 2012, according to police. There has been only one report submitted to the prosecutor fiscal in that period, the outcome of which is, as yet, unknown, although officials believe the laws act as a powerful deterrent.
Some have expressed frustration at how anti-social behaviour has migrated around the wider park area since the 2011 byelaws covering the loch’s eastern shores came into effect.
Increasing their influence, according to Fiona Logan, the LLTNPA’s chief executive, will have widespread benefits for visitors, local communities and the economy, 
“The national park is within an hour’s drive of more than 50% of Scotland’s population and this gives us specific problems which - despite our best efforts - have been escalating.
“The package of measures we are proposing has been developed in conjunction with partners and local communities and reflects our wholesale commitment to dramatically improving the experience of the park for both residents and visitors. 
“Our proposals include significant investment in camping facilities and new byelaws to support more sustainable amounts of camping and to tackle the damage caused by antisocial camping.”
Under the plans, two new management zones governed by the byelaws would be put in place - the first covering the west of Loch Lomond and the second the wider Trossachs area. The existing zone to the east of Loch Lomond was also be enlarged. 
The LLTNPA says the proposed zones would cover an area of 69.2 square kilometres - the equivalent of 3.75% of the total park area - and ensure only a “minimal impact” on those wishing to wild camp responsibly away from busy roadside locations.
The move has been welcomed by Police Scotland and residents on the east shore of the famous loch.
Kevin Lilburn, a Rowardennan resident and chair of the East Loch Lomond Visitor Management Group, said: “Previously we suffered some sort of incident at my home pretty much every weekend in the summer, including litter theft, vandalism and verbal or even physical intimidation. Since the byelaws have been introduced, there have been none. Not one. 
“That speaks for itself and official statistics tell a similar story. We have gone from a situation where my neighbours and I dreaded sunny days to one in which we can relax, enjoy where we live, and happily share the area with responsibly behaved visitors.” 
Chief superintendent Davie Flynn, divisional commander for Police Scotland.said: “We have enjoyed a longstanding positive relationship with LLTNPA and together with other partners continually strive to ensure the visitor experience is as good as it can be and that local communities are free from antisocial behaviour.
“Police Scotland welcomes the opportunity to contribute to the consultation process around the park authority’s proposals.”

 