AFTER more than four years as a willing accomplice in a relentless attack on the poor, the Deputy Prime Minister finally claims to have found a backbone. Record View: Nick Clegg pledging too little too late - Record View - Daily Record NICK Clegg has some cheek.
After more than four years as a willing accomplice in a relentless attack on the poor, the Deputy Prime Minister finally claims to have found a backbone.
The Lib Dem leader yesterday vowed not to join another coalition with the Tories if they planned to cut public spending further.
Instead he says his party would raise taxes on the well off to keep the national debt under control. Well, bully for him.
Does Clegg really think this shameless &shy;electioneering is going to be enough to make people forget the bedroom tax?
Scandalous fit for work tests? The surging need for food banks in one of the world’s richest countries? His party’s broken promise on tuition fees to students down south?
If he does think that, he is in for a rude awakening.
Clegg and his Lib Dem cronies are in Glasgow for their last party conference before the General Election next May.
Since signing up with the Tories in 2010, the party have already been crushed in the council and Scottish Parliament elections.
The upcoming Westminster election will complete their destruction at the hands of the electorate.
Even high-profile MPs in safe seats like Scot Danny Alexander are not safe.
Yesterday in his speech to conference, &shy;Alexander said the Lib Dems would use a “fairness rule” so that the wealthiest in society contribute the biggest share of their income towards deficit reduction.
Well the people of Scotland and Britain have a “fairness rule” too, Danny.
And it is about to see your party consigned to the dustbin of history.
To have a son murdered in barbaric circumstances is every mum’s worst nightmare.
It is impossible to imagine what it must feel like to find out your other son was responsible.
But that is the horrifying situation April Moore found herself in after a tragic fight between her two boys after the family had celebrated Christmas and New Year together.
In an act of drink-fuelled madness, Peter stabbed his brother Derek four times and inflicted 75 separate injuries on him.
Now one son is dead and the other will rightly spend a long time behind bars.
And April is left to pick up the pieces.
The Great Scottish Run is now firmly established as one of the highlights of the year.
Several famous names were among the thousands of runners who took part in the 10k and half-marathon races yesterday.
Some did it for fun, others to raise money for charity or for a personal fitness goal.
What a superb advert for Glasgow and all of Scotland.
Congratulations to all who took part.
 