A brave mum who has a rare cancer that affects just one in a million people has spoken for the first time about her fight against the life-threatening disease. Mum tells how an eye test saved her life - Daily Record When doctors told Julie Morton she had eye cancer, her first reaction was to burst out laughing.
The 33-year-old mum had been having problems with her vision but had no idea the diagnosis would be so drastic.
And who could blame her? After all, how many people know that eye cancer even exists?
Now, as she continues her own fight, brave Julie is keen to raise awareness of the disease, in the hope that deaths can be avoided.
Julie first suspected there was something wrong when her vision went cloudy during a day out with her one-year-old son Daniel and husband Paul, 40, this summer.
She shrugged it off as tiredness and put a note in her diary to make an appointment to have her sight tested.
Julie told the Paisley Daily Express: “It was a nice July day and I noticed I was having trouble making out faces.
“I’m supposed to wear glasses but I never do and I thought maybe it was time for a new prescription.”
Julie and Daniel visited the optician just minutes away from her home in Greenhill Crescent, Linwood, and she was put through the usual tests – letter charts and following a pen as it was moved inches from her face.
However, the results were quite different to what she had expected.
Julie explained: “I was told to phone Paul right away and have him take Daniel.
“The lady wrote me a letter and told me to head straight to accident and emergency.
“She said I had a lump behind my right eye.”
Julie made a beeline for the Royal Alexandra Hospital, in Paisley, where she was rushed straight through for a detailed examination.
She was told there was an “abnormality” but would need to wait a month for a second opinion from specialists at Glasgow’s Gartnavel Hospital.
In the meantime, she had to try to get through a week-long holiday in York.
Julie said: “We were down there to visit relatives but it was very difficult to relax.
“My family kept on telling me it would be fine but, deep down, I was worried.”
After returning home, Julie was asked to see her doctor, who had some devastating news.
“I was told I had eye cancer but I just burst out laughing,” she recalled. “It was just so hard to take in.”
Julie was diagnosed with choroidal melanoma – a one-in-a-million condition that, usually, only affects pensioners.
She was referred for radiotherapy, which involved surgeons inserting a piece of metal – the size of a 20p coin – behind her eye, along with small pellets of medicine in a bid to prevent the cancer from spreading around her body.
Now all she can do is wait and hope the tumour shrinks.
Julie, who uses humour to take everything in her stride, said: “My vision is already 80 per cent gone in my right eye and I’ve been told it’s likely I’ll go fully blind in it.
“It’s really tough but I’m not giving up.
“My worst fear is leaving my husband widowed and my wee boy without a mum.
“My family give me something to fight for and I’m not going to let this beat me.
“Thankfully, the treatment won’t lead to any hair-loss but I’m a bit gutted I won’t lose any weight on it!”
● Julie is urging all Express readers to make sure they have their eyes checked on a regular basis. You can go online to find details of your nearest optician.
 