New cracks have been found in one of the reactors at the Hunterston B nuclear power station in Ayrshire, the BBC has learned. Cracks found at Hunterston nuclear power station New cracks have been found in one of the reactors at the Hunterston B nuclear power station in Ayrshire, the BBC has learned.
The plant's operator, EDF Energy, has insisted the cracking was predicted to occur as the station ages.
The firm said the issue would not affect the safe operation of the reactor. 
But anti-nuclear campaigners said it highlighted a potential problem for similar reactors around the UK. 
The cracks were found during a routine inspection which began in August. 
Two of about 3,000 graphite bricks in the core of reactor four at Hunterston are affected. 
These cracks have occurred since the last inspection in 2011. 
EDF Energy said the cracking was predicted to happen as the plant gets older.
The findings have no safety implications and are well within any limits for safe operation agreed with our regulator”
Colin Weir, station director at Hunterston, said: &quot;The graphite core is made up of around 6,000 bricks. 
&quot;During the outage we found two bricks with a new crack which is what we predicted during Hunterston B's lifetime as a result of extensive research and modelling. 
&quot;It will not affect the operation of this reactor and we also expect that a few additional cracks will occur during the next period of operation.
He added: &quot;The small number of cracked bricks found during routine inspection is in line with our expectations; the findings have no safety implications and are well within any limits for safe operation agreed with our regulator.&quot;
The reactor returned to service on Sunday evening, after the energy firm received approval from the Office for Nuclear Regulation. 
Hunterston B has two advanced gas-cooled reactors, similar to those found at nuclear plants around the UK. 
Hunterston began operating in 1976 and its working life has already been extended to 2023 - well beyond its planned closure date.
WWF Scotland director Lang Banks said news of the cracks at Hunterston highlighted the importance of embracing &quot;cleaner, safer forms of energy&quot;. 
He added: &quot;These cracks are a sign that we can expect these nuclear facilities to become increasingly unreliable in the future.
&quot;As Scotland continues to grow its renewables capacity we can look forward to a day when we can switch off nuclear power for good.&quot;
 