Dumbarton had to settle for a point as they were held to a goalless draw by bottom-placed Cowdenbeath in the Scottish Championship.   Dumbarton had to settle for a point as they were held to a goalless draw by bottom-placed Cowdenbeath in the Scottish Championship. 
 Midfielder Christopher Kane had the best chance of a subdued first half when he flashed a header just wide for the visitors. 
 Goalkeeper Danny Rogers did well to beat away a Sean Higgins effort with Cowdenbeath pushing for the opening goal. 
 At the other end Archibald Campbell should have put Dumbarton in front after breaking through but he could only direct his shot straight at Robbie Thomson. 
 Striker Kudus Oyenuga spurned a great opportunity for the visitors after 85 minutes with just Rogers to beat as the match ended goalless. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Dumbarton 0, Cowdenbeath 0. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Dumbarton 0, Cowdenbeath 0. 
 Attempt missed. Jon Robertson (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Foul by Archie Campbell (Dumbarton). 
 Kyle Miller (Cowdenbeath) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Kudus Oyenuga (Cowdenbeath). 
 Attempt saved. Kyle Miller (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Iain Campbell. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Steven McDougall replaces Scott Agnew. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Cowdenbeath. Craig Sutherland replaces Sean Higgins. 
 Attempt missed. Kudus Oyenuga (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. 
 Attempt saved. Calum Gallagher (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Thomas O'Brien (Cowdenbeath). 
 Attempt missed. Kudus Oyenuga (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. 
  Booking  Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Attempt missed. Kyle Miller (Cowdenbeath) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Kieran MacDonald replaces David van Zanten because of an injury. 
 Foul by Archie Campbell (Dumbarton). 
 Thomas O'Brien (Cowdenbeath) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Andy Graham (Dumbarton) header from the left side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Robbie Thomson. 
 Attempt saved. Archie Campbell (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Mitchel Megginson (Dumbarton). 
 Kudus Oyenuga (Cowdenbeath) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Marcus Fraser. 
 Hand ball by Thomas O'Brien (Cowdenbeath). 
 Corner, Cowdenbeath. Conceded by Danny Rogers. 
 Attempt saved. Kyle Miller (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Colin Nish replaces Jordan Kirkpatrick. 
 Attempt missed. Iain Campbell (Cowdenbeath) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. 
 Attempt saved. Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Foul by Scott Agnew (Dumbarton). 
 Jon Robertson (Cowdenbeath) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Sean Higgins (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Iain Campbell (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from more than 35 yards is too high. 
 Attempt saved. Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jon Robertson (Cowdenbeath). 
 Attempt missed. Kudus Oyenuga (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. 
 Corner, Cowdenbeath. Conceded by David van Zanten. 
 Corner, Cowdenbeath. Conceded by Scott Agnew. 
 Attempt saved. Jon Robertson (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Foul by Mitchel Megginson (Dumbarton). 
 Darren Brownlie (Cowdenbeath) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
   Second Half begins Dumbarton 0, Cowdenbeath 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Dumbarton 0, Cowdenbeath 0. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Kyle Miller. 
 Foul by Garry Fleming (Dumbarton). 
 Darren Brownlie (Cowdenbeath) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Andy Graham (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Calum Gallagher (Cowdenbeath). 
 Attempt missed. Chris Kane (Cowdenbeath) header from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, Cowdenbeath. Conceded by Garry Fleming. 
 Corner, Cowdenbeath. Conceded by Scott Taggart. 
 Attempt missed. Kudus Oyenuga (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Scott Agnew (Dumbarton) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. 
 Attempt saved. Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt missed. Kyle Miller (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Corner, Cowdenbeath. Conceded by David van Zanten. 
 Corner, Cowdenbeath. Conceded by Danny Rogers. 
 Attempt saved. Kyle Miller (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt saved. Kudus Oyenuga (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Marcus Fraser (Cowdenbeath) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Andy Graham (Dumbarton). 
 Attempt missed. Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Cowdenbeath. Conceded by Scott Linton. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Iain Campbell. 
 Thomas O'Brien (Cowdenbeath) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Archie Campbell (Dumbarton). 
 Attempt saved. Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Kyle Miller (Cowdenbeath) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Mitchel Megginson (Dumbarton). 
 Attempt missed. Chris Kane (Cowdenbeath) right footed shot from more than 35 yards is high and wide to the left. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 