YOUNG Scots are being given a once-in-a-lifetime chance to realise their musical dreams. Here, four from inner city Glasgow tell us how it's turned their lives around. Urban legends: Music project helps young Scots fulfil their dreams in the showbiz industry - Daily Record SCOTS youngsters are hitting the high notes, thanks to a new scheme to get them playing musical instruments.
The Big Music Project aims to help young people across the UK find work and training opportunities in the music industry.
And young Scots are already reaping the benefits of the project, which is financed by the Big Lottery Fund and jointly led by Capital FM and the BPI, representing the UK’s recorded music industry.
The project has been running since March and has seen live events in Scotland featuring acts including rapper Plan B, Scots singer KT Tunstall and performers from The BRIT School.
In Glasgow, the YMCA at Tollcross has benefited from Big Music Project funds delivered through Youth Scotland. The YMCA’s community manager Darran Gillan, 38, said it had allowed the organisation to help local inner-city youngsters follow their dreams.
“In the east end of Glasgow – where there is high deprivation and kids are often brought up by their grandparents – money is scarce and spending it on&nbsp;musical instruments, never mind expanding or exploring musical culture, is not a priority,” explained Darran.
“But regardless of class or education, we all listen to music and this project is bringing people together and giving them opportunities to meet people who can help them to realise their dreams.”
Here, four of them tell us how much that means…
 

 It's a great experience to teach other people 
TEENAGER Jack Torrance was inspired to give something back after the YMCA helped him follow his DJing dream.
He decided to start up a recording studio through The Big Music Project to help others who are keen to learn.
Tollcross lad Jack, 16, said: “When I was in first year I went to a music sound lab and they taught us how to DJ and for two years I played some gigs.
“I enjoyed it and wanted to keep it going but the tutor left so DJing stopped.”
Jack, who felt DJing was better than just hanging about street corners looking for places to play football with his pals, said: “I was quite gutted when the course ended and spoke to Darran at the YMCA, who suggested we get our&nbsp;own recording studio, which we did for a number of weeks by hooking up with the Think Big project who gave us &pound;300. For stage two to happen, we went to Southampton to work on a three-day residential course.
“It was a brilliant experience. We got a &pound;2500 grant to allow us to work out what we needed to buy, so we set up a studio with a 32-track recording desk.
“We’ve now created Tollcross Recordings and have recorded hundred of songs, including one for the Commonwealth Games and an anti-sectarian song.
“Now I can train kids my own age to do what I did. It’s a great experience to be able to teach.”
 

 I was heading for the dole now I'm on the radio 
UNEMPLOYMENT was a very real prospect for Govan lad Holden Hunter after leaving high school.
Many of his friends were already on the dole after leaving education and failing to secure a job.
Instead, Holden is getting to do something he loves – and managing to make money in the process.
The 18-year-old got a job as a broadcast assistant at community radio station Sunny G for eight months and the station were so pleased with his contribution that they kept him on.
The icing on the cake came when Holden attended a Big Music Project Hub at the Tollcross YMCA, who soon introduced him to movers and shakers in the music business.
Holden said: “I come from a working-class background and was always brought up to get the job done but I really wanted to enjoy what I worked at.
“I’ve not looked back. It’s been amazing getting to know the people and I’ve now secured my own Saturday show on Sunny G.
“The Big Music Project Hub acts as a network for me to meet aspiring Scots artists and, as well as giving them exposure, it gives me content for my show.
“Some of my friends struggle to get into the industry and this is helping them, too.”
Holden added: “The Big Music Project has offered a lot more new opportunities for me and has helped me to mature and leave some bad things behind.”
 

 I'm not as shy as I used to be 
SHY Nicole McCurry has come out of her shell after getting together with The Big Music Project through Tollcross YMCA.
The 17-year-old has gone from singing in her bedroom to performing live at the Commonwealth Games.
Nicole began volunteering at the centre, joined the committee and started running her own dance classes.
It wasn’t long before someone at the centre heard her singing and asked her to get more involved.
Nicole said: “I used to sing in my bedroom and, if I felt brave, I’d post videos of myself on Facebook.
“At the centre, Keith from East End Beats asked me to sing, then told me they wanted me to do the vocals on the anti-sectarianism song and then on the Commonwealth Games track, Shine, they were doing.
“I wasn’t always confident, I was quite shy. The only people I would really sing to were my sister and my closest friend.
“The YMCA and The Big Music Project got me to sing live on stage and showed me how to be more confident.
“Through the Commonwealth Games track, I also met people from places like Ghana and learned so much.
“I got a job I wanted rather than doing stuff just to get by.
“I’ve been on the telly, done interviews and even sang on stage with people from the Brit&nbsp;Awards.”
 Rapping built up my confidence to write lyrics 
ARRIVING in Glasgow from a troubled home with no running water, electricity or security in Tanzania made Godfrey Shane, 11, an angry and frightened boy.
But rather than staying resentful about his childhood experiences, he decided to start writing music and rap about his life.
It has become a roadway to a career that has allowed Godfrey, now 25, to share his stories and encourage other vulnerable young people to express themselves through rap. His project Urban Sound Scotland, a joint venture with his friend John Thompson, 25, of Nigerian and German origin, has just received funding to go into schools and educate children about music and culture as part of the Commonwealth Games legacy in Glasgow.
Godfrey said: “My parents were arguing and I thought I had caused certain situations to happen. I was a playful kid but when I got back to my house I would be down.”
He initially rapped along to 50 Cent songs but soon realised he could have more impact by writing his own lyrics.
He said: “It built my confidence to write my own poems. I now tell others to write down something that lies deep within them and come up with a riff.”
Godfrey and John are keen to help other kids from ethnic minorities who live in Glasgow to realise their potential and they want to educate others in the east end about different cultures.
“We haven’t started going into schools yet but we want people to know how accessible everything is here compared to elsewhere.
“People in Africa don’t have water and electricity and don’t have money to feed their families.
“We want to share knowledge through rap and education.”
 