Motherwell boss Stuart McCall accepts that his side are in a slump following their 3-1 defeat by Partick Thistle. Motherwell: Stuart McCall frustrated by slump  Motherwell boss Stuart McCall accepts that his side are in a slump following their 3-1 defeat by Partick Thistle. 
 The Lanarkshire side have won only won two of their nine Premiership matches this season, although McCall is hopeful they can mount a recovery. 
 &quot;We need a result to turn for us,&quot; said McCall. 
 &quot;We are where we deserve to be right now. We've just got to dig in, dig deep, have belief in each other and stick together.&quot; 
 Thistle's goals from Stuart Bannigan, Kris Doolan and Stephen O'Donnell compounded Motherwell's miserable start to the season, even though Lionel Ainsworth crashed in a 30-yard rocket for the visitors. 
 “Work-wise, organisation-wise, we just need people to step up to the plate” 
 The Steelmen are now languishing in second-bottom spot in the table after their second league defeat in succession, but McCall insists it is not down to a a drop in ambition from his players. 
 &quot;When things aren't going well, they're not going well,&quot; said McCall. 
 &quot;I don't think it was lack of effort or desire. We got done on a counter-attack goal and it gave them a lead. 
 &quot;I think when you're in a run like we are, you need to get the first goal, and we didn't do that. 
 &quot;We believed at half time we could come out and win the game - we got back in it, and we put corners in and forced pressure. 
 &quot;The crowd were behind us - but it was lack of communication, lack of organisation.&quot; 
 McCall also praised the club's fans for their continued support and insisted he was doing everything he could to turn the fortunes on the pitch around and reward their loyalty. 
 &quot;We got good backing again today. All I can say is rest assured, we're doing everything we can. 
 &quot;Work-wise, organisation-wise, we just need people to step up to the plate.&quot; 
 