GEORGE Ferrier, who was signed off work by his doctor with trauma and severe bruising after the raid, said security firm GBM have refused to cover his wages while he recovers from ordeal. Hero security guard battered by masked robbers during raid on Glasgow jewellery arcade has pay docked - Daily Record TOP-HAT hero George Ferrier has had his pay docked after being crocked by the Argyll Arcade jewel robbers.
Security guard George was signed off work for a fortnight by his doctor with trauma and severe bruising after he was battered with a baseball bat during the raid .
But last night, he said security firm GBM have refused to cover his wages while he recovers from the ordeal.
The Record revealed on Saturday that popular George, 56, was the formally-attired security guard who risked his life to ensure the safety of workers in the exclusive mall off Buchanan Street in Glasgow city centre.
He said: “I have had lots of lovely messages from people in the arcade and customers inquiring on how I was doing.
“But if I’m being honest, I’m really disappointed at the way my employers have reacted. It was obvious to me that their main concern was filling my shift rather than my health and well-being.
“When I sent in the line from the GP, they didn’t say anything. But when I asked if I would be paid normal pay for the fortnight, they said I wouldn’t – that it would be statutory sick pay.”

George, a grandad, has bruises from the back of his right knee to his heels after the brutal baseball bat attack.
He got to his feet after the assault on September 14 and tried to chase the armed raiders but was finally deterred when men ran at him with axes.
Video of the incident showed him shepherding staff into shops and telling them to lock themselves in.
He refused to flee or cower after he was attacked, instead standing in the mall to face the gang as they escaped.
George, of Springburn, Glasgow, was prescribed sleeping tablets after the robbery. His partner, Annette Bradshaw, 53, made him see his GP after he went nights without sleeping and showed signs of irritability – which she guessed was post-traumatic stress.

George said: “The robbery happened on the Wednesday and I was in no state to go back in on Thursday and Friday. I wasn’t right when I got home but I couldn’t get a doctor’s appointment until the Tuesday.
“The doctor signed me off for a fortnight and gave me sleeping pills. I’m told I have to rest.”
When George checked with his office, they said he would only receive statutory sick pay , which is just &pound;87.55 a week and kicks in after an employee has been off work for four consecutive days.
George said: “I had a guy who works upstairs drop off a bottle of whisky and an old lady dropped in with a fiver and said I had to get myself a drink, which was really touching.
“I’ve had a lot of really nice feedback but the work has been keen to get me back as soon as possible.
“If they think I should be getting just sick pay after what’s happened, that’s up to them – but it doesn’t seem right to me. I’m disappointed in them.”

The daylight robbery targeted elite jewellers on Scotland’s busiest shopping street . The armed gang, who are still at large, escaped through smoke set off as part of a security system.
They sped off in a white VW Golf then a Vauxhall van on the M8.
George’s employers, GBM Security, did not return the Record’s calls.
 