THE iconic A-listed building in Glasgow city centre suffered severe damage in May's blaze but today took another step on its way to restoration. Video: Fire ravaged Glasgow School of Art gets a new waterproof roof for winter - Daily Record 
A MASSIVE operation to fit a temporary roof to fire-ravaged Glasgow School of Art was in full swing yesterday.
Work to make the Mackintosh masterpiece watertight before winter should be completed by this weekend.
Contractors are placing a specially designed aluminium frame on top of the historic building, which was badly damaged by a blaze in May. The temporary structure will then be covered in waterproof material.
A huge crane was used yesterday to painstakingly position each of the 1.5-ton roof sections, which had been assembled on the ground by 10 men.
John Watson, development manager at principal contractors SGB Roofing, said: “In the 30-odd years I’ve been in the scaffolding business, this is the most unique building I’ve worked on.
“The roof is a bespoke design for a bespoke building.”
The temporary roof is the first major step in the restoration project, which is expected to last up to three years and estimated to cost &pound;20million to &pound;30million.

Douglas Anderson, who studied architecture at Glasgow School of Art and went to the same school – Allan Glen’s Institution – as Charles Rennie Mackintosh, is overseeing the bid to restore the landmark to its former glory.
The project manager said: “It’s been drummed into me how important Mackintosh was, and that has followed me throughout my career.
“The building has been stabilised, and now this roof will protect it from the weather and allow us to get power back into it.
“The whole top floor is open to the elements, so we have been lucky with the good summer – but the bad weather is closing in.
“Once the roof is on, we’ll be able to determine exactly what the job ahead is.”
Students studying fine art, painting and printmaking have been temporarily decanted to the Tontine Building in Glasgow’s Merchant City.
Meanwhile, some of those who lost all their work when the School of Art went up in flames have produced their first exhibition.

Fine art graduate Adam Quinn is leading a band of seven, dubbed The Fanfare Group, who are holding a show at the city’s Veneer Gallery.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow’s Baillieston said: “When you join art school, the thing you are working towards for four years is the degree show, and you are looking forward to it the whole time.
“I lost practically my whole final year’s work in the fire. It was absolutely devastating.
“We can’t even make plans for the future as the fire has left us unable to move on with our lives because we don’t have much work to show for all our efforts.”
Veneer owner Alex Campbell said: “The Fanfare Group have shown amazing spirit to quite literally rise from the ashes.
“This show is a true display of their skill, courage and commitment.”
● A HERITAGE Lottery Fund grant of almost &pound;10million has been awarded for the redevelopment of Aberdeen Art Gallery, Cowdray Hall and Memorial Court.
The &pound;30million project secured planning permission and listed building consent last autumn and Aberdeen City Council have also committed &pound;10million towards the cost.
Colin McLean, head of the Heritage Lottery Fund in Scotland, said: “We are delighted to support this transformational project, which will give the north-east a world-class cultural centre worthy of the exceptional artworks it will house.”
 