Twenty-eight bands and more than 800 Loyalist men and women are making the procession through residential areas of Johnstone on Saturday, sparking major concerns. Families worried about controversial Orange Walk planned to go through Renfrewshire town - Daily Record OUTRAGED householders have condemned plans for a massive Orange Walk amid fears of sectarian tension in the town.
Twenty-eight bands and more than 800 Loyalist men and women are making the procession through residential areas of Johnstone on Saturday, sparking major concerns.
The bandsmen and women will parade through the private Howwood Road estate en route to the town’s High Street.
Families fear there is a potential for disturbances following recent violent scenes involving a Loyalist mob at George Square in Glasgow.
However, Orange marchers from Johnstone band &quot;Sons of the Somme&quot; want to commemorate the sacrifice and memory of their countrymen to mark the 100th anniversary of the outbreak of World War One.
The Orange Order has sought permission to mark Saturday’s event with a procession ending with a solemn wreath-laying ceremony at the Cenotaph.
One mum, who has complained to her councillor over the march, said she fears for the safety of youngsters in the area.
She said: “This march is causing fear in the community because it comes right by our doorsteps where children play. They are being allowed to parade through privately-owned areas in the town.
“The march is not sticking to main roads, so householders are rightly upset about 1,000 people stamping down the road at 5pm on a Saturday.
“None of the residents were written to, or leafleted, about this in advance.”
Another householder also voiced her fears about march followers swarming into the area.
She said: “Bands from other areas, including Northern Ireland are coming over.
“The procession also attracts supporters who tag along beside it singing and shouting while waving their flags.
“I don’t think the people of Johnstone were properly consulted in advance about this march and the events in George Square in Glasgow are still fresh in many people’s minds.”
The march is timed to begin at 4.30pm when bandsmen muster at the McMaster Centre then head through Greenend Avenue to Cochranemill Road, down Huntersfield Road and Arran Drive to Longmeadow.
From there, the procession enters Kilbarchan Road, Graham Street, McDowall Street and the High Street where the wreath-laying ceremony is taking place at the Cenotaph.
Councillor Iain McMillan, Labour member for Johnstone South, Elderslie and Howwood, said he has received complaints over the procession.
He said: “Residents have expressed their concerns to me about the march because this is a large procession. It also takes an unusual route via people’s houses.
“However, the procession route has been altered already after submissions and I am informed there will be plenty of stewards and police in attendance to properly ensure the event passes off without problems. “
Police Scotland also confirmed they have had complaints regarding the march, but are confident it will be policed “professionally and proportionally.”
Inspector Gerry McBride told the Paisley Daily Express: “We are aware of complaints regarding the march on October 11.
“However, I would like reassure members of the public that it will be policed properly – professionally and proportionally – with resources to match the event.”
“Police Scotland have been working with our partners at Renfrewshire Council in preparation for the practical organisation of policing the event and have plans in place to address any concerns.”
A spokesman for Renfrewshire Council said: “We understand a change to the timing of this procession and the route were suggested during the consultation processes. Each amendment was posted on the website to give people an opportunity to comment.
“The Greenend Avenue part of the proposed route however was listed in the original, and revised, applications.
“The council has not suggested any re-routing of the proposed procession.
“We haven’t received any formal objections to the original application or the amended versions from members of the public.”
 