IT is claimed Jonathan Kelly, 33, wants to emulate one-eyed killer Cregan, who is serving life for murdering constables Fiona Bone, 32, and Nicole Hughes, 23, and two gangland rivals. Fugitive machete thug threatens to emulate killer Dale Cregan by shooting police officer - Daily Record A VIOLENT fugitive has styled himself on police killer Dale Cregan and is threatening to shoot officers.
Jonathan Kelly is armed and prepared to kill if police close in on him.
A friend said: “He’s got a shotgun and if the police get him, he’s going to take one of them out. He’s planning to kill an officer.
“He’s a dangerous man who needs to be caught.”
Kelly, who paralysed a man with a machete, went on the run last month after breaching bail conditions.
He has a string of convictions for violence and is listed as one of the UK’s most wanted criminals on a Crimestoppers hitlist.
The source said Kelly, 33, cut off his electronic tag before going into hiding.
It is claimed the thug wants to emulate one-eyed Cregan, 31, who is serving life for murdering constables Fiona Bone, 32, and Nicola Hughes, 23, and two gangland rivals.
The source added: “Kelly’s getting help to hide from police.
“He used my phone to contact one of Edinburgh’s best-known gangsters.
“It was just before he ran away and he was asking for money.
“He planned the whole thing and he’s not going to give himself up.
“He’s comparing himself to Dale Cregan.
“He said to me, ‘I’m not going back to jail for something stupid’.”
 

Kelly, of Drumchapel, Glasgow, has boasted about the machete horror and about attacking gay people.
He has also bragged about a catalogue of violent offences in prison .
He went on the run after he was made the subject of 32 strict conditions following his release from Low Moss prison in Lanarkshire.
A team of dedicated officers have been trying to flush him out but he keeps giving them the slip.
Last month, armed officers swooped on a block of flats on Glasgow’s south side after being tipped off that Kelly was inside .
But the hardened criminal managed to get away.
Detectives are quizzing Kelly’s former prison associates in a bid to track him down.
The Daily Record revealed that while Kelly was in prison, he wrote to campaign group Miscarriages of Justice UK to brag about his life of violence.
In the letter, Kelly said he was initially locked up for the machete attack .
He boasted in the letter: “While on remand in Barlinnie, I told screws not to put another con in my cell or I would be forced to hurt him.
“After a couple of hours, I repeatedly slashed and stabbed him. If it hadn’t been for night staff, he would have died.”
Kelly got five years for that assault and was moved to
Kilmarnock jail, where he says he “lasted only three or four months before assaulting two prisoners”.
He claimed he then began attacking officers because they were playing “mind games” with him.
Kelly said he attacked three warders in three days and was moved to Perth, where he staged a dirty protest and assaulted officers “at any opportunity I got”.
He said he has also attacked staff at Shotts, Glenochil, Edinburgh, Barlinnie and Addiewell jails and bragged: “Seven High Court trials, but only three convictions.”
Detective Inspector Ian Hylands, from Drumchapel police station, said: “Significant police inquiries are ongoing to trace Mr Kelly.
“However, there have been no positive sightings.
“Unfortunately, we have had very little information from the public regarding his whereabouts.
“Although we do not consider him to be a danger to the public, we do believe that he may pose a risk.
“We would advise the public not to approach Mr Kelly but to contact police immediately via 999.
“It is imperative that the public get in touch with any information they think may lead us to where he is.”
At Preston Crown Court in June last year, Cregan, 31, was ordered to serve a whole life sentence.
He killed the PCs near Manchester in September 2012 after making a hoax emergency call to police.
 