BUDGET airline chief executive tells Annie Brown why he had to stop fighting with passengers. The words you thought you'd never hear from Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary - 'I'm sorry' - Daily Record FASTEN your seatbelts, prepare for a shock landing.
Ryanair chief executive Michael O’Leary has apologised to all those customers his airline upset, disappointed and generally let down over the last few years.
He said: “I am sorry about the way we have mishandled some passengers in the past and that is something we need to learn from.
“We were contemptuous of customer service and civility. We want to make low fare travel affordable but also an option of choice. We won’t irritate you or p*** you off, particularly about stuff that doesn’t matter.”
This is the man who called passengers idiots, who said they should pay for being “stupid”.
Now he says: “We were fighting with customers over things that really weren’t important. Whether the bag was a millimetre over the bloody size really didn’t matter.”
The change in him is seismic. But why? He said: “I think I was young and very driven and some of it was a deliberate business decision. Any publicity was good publicity.
Generally the bad sold more seats.
“As a formula, that worked fine for a couple of years but people just see through that after a while.”
Yesterday he was in Scotland for a Chamber of Commerce breakfast meeting, where he joked he is “manifestly unsuitable for employment in any properly functioning industry”.
He is on a PR drive for the launch of the new winter schedule, beefing up the routes from Glasgow but having slashed routes in Prestwick.
He forecasts more of the business routes, to London and Dublin, will go to Glasgow and Prestwick will hold on to its existing international flights and, only just, its survival.
 

 He blames airport passenger duty for strangling Prestwick but insists he could double the 750,000  passengers flowing through it, and allow it to break even, if the tax is devolved and scrapped. He said: “I think that may well happen. 
“One of the great outcomes of the referendum is you frightened the life out of the Westminster establishment. They want to throw Scotland bones and APD could well be one of them.”
Last year, the airline had 82million passengers and this year it will be 87million, almost three times that of British Airways. O’Leary wants to increase the three million coming to Scotland to seven.
But his charm offensive is from the pocket rather than the heart.
He said: “Ultimately everything is about profit, otherwise you die. We won the battle on price but we want to double in size and that’s not going to be done being as cheap as chips.
“It is going to need the delivery of a really good service, and catering to different sections of the market like business passengers and families.
“I think I have spent too long being always right. Now I am learning that listening to feedback from customers, generally the critical stuff, is the way to run the business better.“
 