Camilla, Duchess of Rothesay, has joined senior naval officers and over 150 friends and family at Faslane to welcome home the submarine HMS Astute. HMS Astute: Royal welcome home for naval attack submarine Camilla, Duchess of Rothesay, has joined senior naval officers and over 150 friends and family at Faslane to welcome home the submarine HMS Astute.
The submarine is completing her inaugural deployment at a special ceremony at HM Naval Base Clyde.
Crew on HMS Astute have been away from their families for eight months. 
The Astute Class is described by the Royal Navy as their largest, most advanced and most powerful attack submarine.
Camilla, Duchess of Rothesay is the submarine's Lady Sponsor. She attended the boat's commissioning ceremony at Faslane on 27 August 2010. 
She has been joined by the Royal Marine Band Scotland, as well as naval officers and families and friends of the crew, to welcome the submarine home.
After attending the reception at the Super Mess alongside friends and family of the crew, the Duchess said: &quot;I am so pleased to see everyone back in one piece. I believe there is a lot of catching up to do with wives, sons and brothers. I am proud to be the Sponsor of HMS Astute and wish all on board every success in the future.&quot;
HMS Astute arrived at her home port of HM Naval Base Clyde in 2009 and became part of the fleet in August 2010.
Commander Gareth Jenkins, the submarine's commanding officer, said: &quot;It was a tremendous honour for my ship's company and me to be welcomed home by Her Royal Highness. 
&quot;This deployment has been a huge success for HMS Astute. The submarine has travelled more than 27,000 miles and operated with our regional partners in the Indian Ocean and Mediterranean Sea. 
&quot;The ship's company has been outstanding and I am pleased that so many of their families are here today to welcome them back to the home of the submarine service.&quot;
HMS Astute sailed from UK waters in March and was one of the first Astute Class to contribute to UK presence in the Mediterranean. 
The boat also passed through Gibraltar, Crete, the Suez Canal and the Gulf of Oman on its maiden deployment.
In August, new captain Commander Jenkins took control of the submarine from outgoing Commander Stephen Walker.
 