The first of four planned Academies will boost the international side and may pave the way for a third pro-team, according to Scottish Rugby chief executive Mark Dodson. New Academies backed to grow Scottish pool  The first of four planned Academies will boost the international side and may pave the way for a third pro-team, according to Scottish Rugby chief executive Mark Dodson. 
 At the opening of the Caledonia Academy in Aberdeen, Scotland head coach Vern Cotter said the area had &quot;great potential&quot; to provide a new team. 
 &quot;We know we have to have a third outlet somewhere,&quot; Dodson told BBC Scotland. 
 &quot;This is a fantastic start to growing players to feed another franchise.&quot; 
 Dodson has already held talks about the possibility of setting up a new professional team in Aberdeen, with Aberdeen Asset Management having expressed an interest in supporting a team to rival Edinburgh and Glasgow Warriors. 
 &quot;We've always said we would listen to discussion around a third pro team,&quot; explained Dodson, who plans to oversee Academies for young talent in the Borders, East and West by season 2015-16. 
 &quot;The difficulty is around the sustainability of a &pound;7m-&pound;8m a year investment and where would that team play? We have the Pro12, not a Pro13.&quot; 
 Dodson described the new facility at the University of Aberdeen's Hillhead campus as a &quot;one-stop shop for any developing player across the north of Scotland&quot;. 
 Scottish Rugby plan to invest &pound;1.2m a year in the the four academies, with Dodson saying they would be &quot;the cornerstone of our determination to create a new era&quot;. 
 He added: &quot;This is an amazing day for Scottish rugby, a real step forward for developing a pipeline of home-bred players.&quot; 
 The Academies will eventually be open to male and female players from the age of 14. 
 However, the initial focus will be on 16, 18 and 20-year-old age-groups and the top tier of the Academy, stage three, will replace the current Elite Development Player strand at the pro-clubs. 
 