THE internet can help manage bills, save money and even provide entertainment, but 20 per cent of Scots are still not online. Scottish Government launch Lets Get On campaign to teach Scots the benefits of the internet - Daily Record  

A major drive has been launched to get people from all walks of life to take advantage of the internet.
Spearheaded by the Scottish Government, the ‘Let’s Get On’ campaign is being run in partnership with organisations from the public and private sector under the overall Digital Scotland brand.
Libraries, clubs and community organisations across the country are supporting the campaign and offering people the opportunity to join classes and support groups, showing them how to go online and get the most from the internet.
Culture Secretary Fiona Hyslop said: “Recent statistics show almost 20% of the population in Scotland are still not using the internet and so missing out on its benefits.
“Whether you want to get a job, catch up on the latest football fixtures, find the best deals or get connected with friends and family, getting online can help and is easier than you think.
“We believe that working in partnership with organisations who have the same vision as we do – to see people and businesses make the most of digital connectivity, get online and enjoy the benefits that the internet can bring – will help us achieve our goal of a fairer, wealthier and smarter digital Scotland.”
Jane McDougal, 24, from Glasgow, knew how to use the internet but joined a digital class to help increase her knowledge of word processing and email to help with her search for work.
She is now completing a Scottish Qualifications Authority [SQA] course to gain more experience and a qualification to give her an added advantage in her applications.
Jane said: “I wasn’t too good with word processing, emailing people or being able to attach letters and CVs. I feel like the course has really helped my confidence. I’ve helped everybody else in the class to log on or look online.”
 

The SQA have developed a computer basics training course in support of Let’s Get On, which offers easy access to internet training.
The Learn My Way course offers formal recognition of new skills with a qualification on successful completion. Signing up to the course is free and each participant is given a personal account allowing them to work through the course either in a Digital Scotland learning centre such as a public library, at home or another location where there is internet connection.
To find out more about what support is available in your local area
please call 0800 77 1234 or visit www.letsgeton.org
Let’s Get On
Eight benefits of getting online
The internet is a phenomenal tool and with almost 20% of Scotland still not online it seems many of us are unfamiliar with the huge benefits it can offer us – from saving money, saving time and improving our knowledge and experience.
1.&nbsp;&nbsp; Entertainment made easy – being online means that you watch catch up TV when it suits you
2.&nbsp;&nbsp; Access information quickly and safely - there’s a wealth of information out there and being online gives you access to it all
3.&nbsp;&nbsp; Communicate with your friends and family – as well as email, Skype, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram are all types of social media that can help you to keep in touch, and share your experiences quickly and simply
4.&nbsp;&nbsp; Save time - shopping online can help save time and energy. There’s no queueing and your purchases can be delivered straight to your door&nbsp;
5.&nbsp;&nbsp; Save money - there are many bargains to be had when you search and buy online
6.&nbsp;&nbsp; Manage your bills and your time – you can book and manage your appointments, subscriptions and policy renewals online as well as stay up to date with your bills via online banking
7.&nbsp;&nbsp; Learn something new - all you want to know, and more, is at the click of a button when you access the internet. The world is your oyster!
8.&nbsp;&nbsp; Helping with special needs&nbsp; -&nbsp; from software that can read sign language for the deaf to online resources promoting inclusive education, there is a wealth of resources and opportunities to improve the online experience if you are someone, or know someone, with special needs.
JARGON BUSTERS 
1.&nbsp;&nbsp; Bandwidth
The rate at which information is transferred is known as the bandwith, ie. the time that the information takes to pass through the range of frequencies to find the user of the information.
2.&nbsp;&nbsp; Bookmarking
Marking your favourite webpages is just like marking your book at the points you want to come back to.&nbsp; By using the bookmarking tool on your browser you can store your top pages for easy access next time around.&nbsp; It saves time and memory remembering which pages are useful and cuts down your searching time online.
3.&nbsp;&nbsp; Browser
The name for the tool on the web that allows you to search for absolutely anything through a word or phrase is the browser.&nbsp; This searching device trawls the millions of sites on the internet and brings up the best matches for what you have typed in.
4.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cloud computing
Cloud computing is the term used to describe the practice of using a network of remote servers hosted on the internet to store, manage, and process data, rather than using a local server. So, working or playing on “the cloud” means that you have access to a whole package of IT support without having to store systems and software on your own computer.
5.&nbsp;&nbsp; Instant messaging
The free and very quick method of communicating with someone on the same system is known as instant messaging.&nbsp; It's used in offices for people in different parts of the building and in other media networks for instant free conversations between individuals.&nbsp; Instant messaging is directed to one person at a time and that other person must be online at the same time to read the message.
6.&nbsp;&nbsp; Interactive
Much of the activity on the web does not need a response but there are certain features such as surveys, tests and questionnaires which respond to your own input. These are called interactive programmes. This is also how electronic games are played using interactive modes, making the experience unique to one person and their individual responses to challenges.
7.&nbsp;&nbsp; Server
A server is a computer which is specially designed to provide the data and process the requests made by other computers.&nbsp; It receives requests from your computer, works out what is the best way to fulfil those requests, and then delivers what you want.
8.&nbsp;&nbsp; Software
The particular packages of instructions for specific functions on your computer are known collectively as software.&nbsp; To do jobs on the computer (editing photo files, making up newsletters, designing a blog or website), there needs to the right assortment of files packaged to pull that together.&nbsp; Software programmes parcel those up neatly and when unpacked through installation, the computer can read these instructions to carry out the specific tasks.
9.&nbsp;&nbsp; Streaming videos
With today's busy lifestyles, we like to watch films and programmes when it suits us, rather than the times set down by the TV channels. Streaming videos lets you download whatever video (film or television programme) you need from the internet and watch in your own time.
10. Teleconferencing
Teleconferencing allows you to catch up with colleagues, friends or family all together.&nbsp; It is possible through arranging a phonecall which lets several people join the line together, making sure that for any business meetings or family arrangements, all the main people are involved in the discussion at any one time.
 