Glasgow City manager Eddie Wolecki Black wants his side to show they have learned from past experience when they face Medyk Konin in the Champions League. Glasgow City: Boss Eddie Wolecki Black calls for 'mature' display  Glasgow City manager Eddie Wolecki Black wants his side to show they have learned from past experience when they face Medyk Konin in the Champions League. 
 City visit the Polish outfit for the first leg of their last 32 match on Wednesday. 
 &quot;I expect more mature performances,&quot; Black told BBC Scotland. 
 &quot;We've been at this stage for a number of years so there's no excuses for not turning in mature performances.&quot; 
 Glasgow have never progressed beyond the last 16 stage of the Uefa competition and Black admits they have to change their style when they take on continental opposition. 
 &quot;All year long the players play to win a league title and this is what it brings you,&quot; said Black, whose side recently won their eighth SWPL title in a row. 
 &quot;We've come through the qualifying group and are quite confident that if we play well over the two legs we can get good results. 
 &quot;They're a talented young team with good pace and energy. We've done our homework. It'll certainly be a tough game because they're going to give it their all as it's their first time at this stage. 
 &quot;It is a big step up, you're playing against better quality players, quicker players, stronger players with very good coaches. The Uefa tournament embraces everything that you would want as a coach to challenge you. 
 &quot;If you go and play foreign sides at your own game domestically there's a good chance you'll get taken apart so you have to go with a completely different game plan. I'm hopeful we can show that this time. 
 &quot;I'll be really content if we're still in this tie come the end of the 90 minutes, that's always my key. I just want to progress one game at a time.&quot; 
 Skipper Leanne Ross is also relishing City's chance to prove themselves in Europe. 
 &quot;Anytime you get to the knockout stages it's really exciting, so we're good to go,&quot; she said. 
 &quot;We have high standards so we're hoping to get through this tie then we can look forward to the last 16. Nothing's a gimme at this stage so we have to work as hard as we can and prepare well for the game.&quot; 
 