THE charity, who help shelter thousands of women each year, are hoping the public will donate items such as bedding and crockery to help make their refuges more homely. Glasgow Women's Aid turn to Amazon wish list and Glaswegian generosity to help furnish refuge flats - Daily Record A CHARITY have turned to the power of the internet and Glaswegian generosity in a bid to improve the lives of abused women.
Glasgow Women’s Aid are asking kind-hearted residents to use a wish list on the Amazon website to donate items to help make their refuge flats, which shelter victims of domestic abuse, more homely.
The charity say crucial touches of homeliness could make the difference between a woman staying in a refuge to be supported by the charity or returning to an abusive partner.
GWA’s Marie Farry said creating a welcoming environment can be a vital element in protecting victims of abuse.
Explaining the idea behind their internet wish list, the charity’s children’s team leader said: “It’s important that when women are seeking refuge from an abusive relationship they’re going into a homely environment.
“Things get worn out, they get old, and you have people arriving at the refuge and going into a flat that’s really pretty shabby.
“There could be negative implications to that. So we thought, let’s ask for specific things that will make it more welcoming. I also think people who want to support victims like the idea of donating something specific rather than cash.”
The first refuge operated by GWA was a Gorbals flat donated in 1973.
At the time, it was unfit for human habitation – and Marie believes a negative impression of refuge accommodation may linger today.
She said: “Obviously, if women are leaving their own homes to come to us you want it to be a pleasant place for them and their children to come into. If it’s a bit of a dump, it can increase the likelihood they may go back.
“Women do go back, and they do so for different reasons. But you don’t want the reason to be that the flat was a dump.”
It costs the charity, who maintain four refuges as well as satellite flats across Glasgow, &pound;5500 a year to maintain a flat.
They accommodate more than 100 women each year.
The Amazon wish list features items such as cutlery, cooking utensils, crockery, towels, sofa throws, lamps, microwaves, televisions and pictures.
The charity, who last year supported 1290 women overall, also intend to use it to appeal for Christmas gifts for the people they help.
Marie added: “At Christmas, we get a lot of donations for children, and not so many for women – and while Christmas is all about children, it’s important women get gifts as well.
“GWA strive to offer the best possible accommodation that we can afford and families thrive in a comfortable environment, settle in quicker and feel inspired to succeed when they finally gain a home of their own.
“This itself is our reward for helping women and children escape domestic abuse.”
 Click here , or enter margaret@glasgowwomensaid.org.uk in the Amazon wish list search bar to donate something from the list or call 0141 553 2022. 
 