HUMZA YOUSAF says that councils who are using historic levels of voter turnout in the referendum to pursue outstanding poll tax debt should be ashamed. Humza Yousaf: Record independence referendum turnout should not be used to chase poll tax - Humza Yousaf - Daily Record ONE of the great successes of the referendum campaign was the engagement and involvement of so many Glaswegians.
People who had never been involved in a political campaign, or who were sceptical of the political process, became inspired by the ideas put forward in the campaign and made their voices heard.
One of the ways that this engagement was demonstrated was by the high voter turnout in Glasgow at 75 per cent and the thousands who registered to vote – some for the first time in their lives.
These people registered in good faith, so they could take part in a historic referendum. So it was shocking to see some Scottish councils use information from the electoral roll in a wrongheaded breach of that faith, by pursuing people for historic poll tax debt .
Glasgow was the hub of the fight against the poll tax – the very first anti-poll tax union were established in Maryhill in April 1987 and the Scottish Anti-Poll Tax Federation were based in Pollok.
The campaign against it involved people from various political parties and Glasgow showed its strong opposition to this unfair tax by having one of the lowest rates of poll tax collection in the UK.
Last week, First Minister Alex Salmond announced that legislation would be introduced to stop councils chasing these historic debts. The news is very welcome indeed.
Sadly – but not surprisingly – the Tories seem to be against these plans.
I have written to Johann Lamont and requested that Labour back the plan to stop any pursuit of ancient debts. That would send out a powerful signal that Scotland is united – regardless of political party ties – in delivering what is best for the people who live and work in Scotland.
I wholeheartedly accept the result of the referendum and will be working hard as part of the Scottish Government to ensure that the Westminster party leaders keep to the solemn vow on substantial new powers for the Scottish Parliament.
For the people who voted No because of this promise of greater powers and for the many people in Glasgow who voted Yes as they wanted Scotland to have the full powers of an independent country, it is vital that this vow is kept.
A recent poll has shown that 71 per cent of people support control over all tax raised in Scotland, 75 per cent support control over all welfare and benefits, while 65 per cent support control of policy on the state pension.
There is clearly strong support for extensive new powers. However, we are now seeing Prime Minister David Cameron attempting to backtrack by linking new powers for Scotland to English votes for English laws.
People in Scotland were clearly promised substantial additional powers by a set timetable by the Westminster parties and the Tories should not be attempting to row back on that vow.
It is time for the Scottish Parliament to have the powers we need to make Scotland a fairer, more equal country and address the causes of inequality. Cameron made a promise to the Scottish people and he must now honour it.
LAST WEEK I had the pleasure of presenting Saltire Awards to pupils at Rosshall Secondary, to recognise their hard work and commitment to volunteering.
The Saltire Awards allow young people to record the skills, experience and learning they gained through volunteering they have experienced.
The pupils I met at Rosshall were a great cohort of change-makers. Well done to them all, and to pupils across Glasgow working towards their Saltire Awards.
FINALLY , I would like to pay tribute to Alan Henning, the British aid worker who was brutally murdered by ISIL extremists. Alan was a true hero and his family and friends remain in my thoughts and prayers.
 