The family of Sauchie schoolgirl Mackenzie Furniss are planning a party after a scan revealed no signs of the neuroblastoma which has blighted her young life twice already. Mackenzie kicks "cancer's butt" for second time - Daily Record Brave schoolgirl Mackenzie Furniss has announced that she has “kicked cancer’s butt for the second time”.
Mackenzie, 10, was given just months to live when her family went into fundraising overdrive last year to get pioneering treatment to save her.
Now a scan has revealed no signs of the neuroblastoma which has blighted her young life twice already.
Her family are planning a party to celebrate Mackenzie coming to the end of her treatment, and the youngster is looking forward to doing all the things girls of her age normally do, like going swimming and hanging out with schoolfriends.
And parents Jason and Kimberley are finally able to plan family holidays and trips to visit relatives with Mackenzie and her little sisters Taylor, seven, and two-year-old Addison.
Mum Kimberley said: “Our focus has been getting Mackenzie healthy again, but now it feels like we can enjoy a bit of normal family life.
“We can’t thank people enough for all their support over the last few years. Words cannot begin to describe how much it has meant to us.”
Mackenzie, from Sauchie, Clackmannanshire, was first diagnosed with neuroblastoma when she was just five, and had to undergo chemotherapy and radiotherapy to battle the cancer. She went into remission in 2011.
But the family was devastated when cancerous tumours were discovered in October 2012. Their only hope was a specialist stem cell transplant which had been carried out by medics at the world renowned Children’s Hospital in Tubingen near Stuttgart, Germany.
While Mackenzie had radiation treatment to shrink the tumours on her skull and her spine, buying her more time, the Furniss’s went into fundraising overdrive to attempt to raise the &pound;300,000 for treatment which could save their girl’s life.
They were around halfway to their total when the Scottish Government stepped in and provided the rest of the money for her medical care. And Mackenzie was able to have a transplant of dad Jason’s stem cells at Yorkhill Hospital in Glasgow last November, travelling to Stuttgart for six courses of follow-up treatment after the New Year.
With her long journey over, a series of tests have been carried out which revealed last week that her body shows no signs of the neuroblastoma.
Over the coming year, Mackenzie will be tested every three months to ensure her cancer hasn’t returned. But her parents are hopeful, since an Ayrshire girl who travelled to Germany to get the same treatment has been cancer-free for more than 12 months now.
Vanessa Riddle, 13, suffered the same cancer when she was told that Scots NHS doctors couldn’t do anything more to help her. Fundraising got her to Germany for treatment, and she has remained in remission since her treatment ended in May 2013.
Kimberley, 39, added: “People say they admire our strength, but what else can you do when you’re faced with something like this? You’ve got to fight it and keep going, for your child’s sake.
“Every test and scan is nervewracking and waiting for the results is torture. But we take things one step at a time and we’re over the moon to get the good news we’ve been waiting for.”
Dad Jason, 40, made medical history when he became the first father in Scotland to donate his stem cells to his daughter as part of the experimental haploidentical stem cell transplantation developed by German professor Peter Lang. It was the first time this treatment had been carried out north of the Border, and only the second time in the UK.
Stem cell transplants usually need an identical match from a sibling, but this treatment allows a half-match from one of the patient’s parents. Healthy stem cells were extracted from Jason’s blood and given to Mackenzie, who had intensive chemotherapy to break down her bone marrow, stopping the production of more cancer cells.
The transplanted cells reproduced and populated Mackenzie’s body with healthy cells – creating normal blood, bone marrow and a fully working immune system.
 