CLEGG hit out at David Cameron at his party conference in Glasgow and accused him of a “self-serving plan” to boost Conservative support with his bid to ban Scottish MPs voting on England-only issues in the Commons. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg takes swipe at Tories, SNP & UKIP as he blames everyone else for his party's poll disaster - Daily Record YELLOW Tory Nick Clegg took aim at his Coalition partners, the SNP and UKIP yesterday as he blamed everyone except himself for his party’s disastrous poll ratings.
The Lib Dem leader hit out at SNP policies of “blame, grievance and fear” and the “bitter tribalism” of Labour and the Tories.
In a bid to distance himself from the Tory Government, Clegg turned his guns on David Cameron. As he delivered the closing speech at his party’s conference in Glasgow, he attacked the “frenzied bile” of the Tories.
He then begged for another four years of power but warned a Tory Government ruling alone would “cut services to the bone”.
The Deputy Prime Minister said the Lib Dems were a “party of the head and the heart”.
He asked voters not to judge his party on the one policy they had not delivered on – failing to stop tuition fees being trebled – but to look at the policies they had succeeded with.
Clegg also accused Cameron of a “self-serving plan” to boost Conservative support with a plan to ban Scottish MPs voting on England-only issues in the Commons.
He said Labour wanted to “ignore the problem” and criticised both parties for being distracted from the need to deliver the vow for more powers.
Clegg branded the SNP’s Alex Salmond and UKIP’s Nigel Farage as politicians who stoke up resentment.
 He said: “Something very un-British is taking root in our politics. A growing movement of people who want to pull us apart. Salmond, Farage, the bitter tribalism of left and right – in their different ways, they’re all doing the same thing.” 
Clegg said both played “pick-a-side politics” in a world of “us versus them”.
He said: “Worried about your job? Your business? Your children’s future? Your way of life? No matter – just blame Europe, Brussels, foreigners, immigrants, the English, the south, professional politicians, Westminster, big business, anybody claiming benefits, even onshore windfarms.
“Life is so simple when you know who, or what, is to blame. It’s seductive and beguiling.
“But resentment, the politics of fear, doesn’t pay the bills or create a single job. Claiming to address people’s acute anxiety about the modern world provides nothing but the false comfort of grievance.
“Dressed up as the politics of hope, it is in fact a counsel of despair.”

 