It’s half-term already and with it comes the annual challenge of what to do with the kids. But, don’t fret, we’ve put together a few fun and free activities. SPONSORED: Top free things to do in Glasgow with the kids - Daily Record Kelvingrove Art Gallery, Argyle Street
 

With a Spitfire plane hanging from the ceiling and Sir Roger the elephant to greet the kids, there’s plenty of attractions within the art gallery and museum to entertain both you and your family. Colllections displayed in the 22 galleries include paintings and sculptures, silver and ceramics, European armour, and weapons, while there are lots of interactive displays aimed at engaging young minds, and activities for all ages.
&nbsp;
Glasgow Necropolis, Cathedral Square
 

Declared as one of the most significant graveyards in Europe, the Necropolis is a fantastic place to wander with the kids (especially during Halloween!) where you’ll find monuments designed by Alexander 'Greek' Thomson, Bryce, Hamilton and Mackintosh. If architecture isn’t your thing, you can hunt for a weeping angel, or check out one of the best views of the city.
&nbsp;
The People’s Palace, Glasgow Green
 

They say People Make Glasgow, and at the People’s Palace you’ll be able to uncover the city’s roots with a display of historical artefacts, pictures and film dating from 1750 to the end of the 20th Century. Keep an eye out for The Buttercup Dairy and Billy Connolly’s Banana Boots.
&nbsp;
Peter Vardy’s CarStore, Hillington Road
 

Car shopping just became a fun trip out for the family at the CarStore’s purpose-built facility that includes entertainment for the kids.
From a soft play area with Formula 1 replica car to climb on, to iPads built into the walls with games to play, there’s something for all ages. There’s also a range of miniature supercars for young racers to try out, including a Ferrari 599 and Audi R8.
And for the big kids among you, there’s a modified Mini Cooper wth an Xbox projected onto the windscreen which you can play alone or take on other guests.
 