AHERN, who wrote the book behind Hollywood hit PS I Love You, is coming to Glasgow for a screening of her new film Love, Rosie and says it's incredible to meet the stars who take on the roles of her characters. Author Cecelia Ahern on seeing her bestsellers turned into movies: Being on a set that's been plucked from your head is really bizarre - Daily Record BESTSELLING author Cecelia Ahern nearly made it into one of her movies – but being the writer didn’t save her scene from ending up on the cutting room floor.
Irish novelist Cecelia, 33, was relieved as she admits acting terrifies her and she’s in awe of the stars who bring her characters to life on the big screen.
She’s the daughter of former Taoiseach of Ireland Bertie, her older sister Georgina is married to Westlife’s Nicky Byrne and Cecelia has got to meet a whole host of film stars during the making of the movies of her books.
But she’s still a down-to-earth working mum-of-two, even though she’s about to have her 11th novel published today and has sold more than 22 million copies worldwide.
For her recent birthday she says the best present she received was getting a long lie while her husband, film producer David Keoghan, watched their two kids, Robin, four, and Sonny, two, before they brought&nbsp;her breakfast in bed.
Get all the latest book news here
 

“I said, ‘Don’t get me anything, I just want a lie-in’. They came up with a healthy breakfast with a banana and a candle in it. And I got a lie-in – that was the best gift ever.”
Cecelia will be in Glasgow on Monday, October 20, for a screening for her new film Love, Rosie, ahead of its national release and to talk about her latest novel The Year I Met You – about a workaholic who loses her job.
It has been more than a decade since Cecelia wrote PS I Love You, which was made into a Hollywood movie starring Gerard Butler and Hilary Swank, and her second novel Where Rainbows End has now been turned into Love, Rosie, starring Sam Claflin, Suki Waterhouse, Lily Collins and Jaime Winstone.
Cecelia was persuaded to film a scene in Love, Rosie with her husband.
“It was the director’s idea. He said, ‘We have to put you in it’,” she explained.
“It was a wedding scene and I thought, ‘This is great, we’ll just be in the background’.
“But he cleared out the whole room and poor Lily Collins, who’d been saying this speech for the entire day, had to say it all again for the millionth time while&nbsp;the camera was on us for reaction, which is not what I do. I’m not an actress.
“So we did that and he filmed us but when I went to see it he’d cut us from the movie. I was delighted.
“I think I was in too much of an important scene where Lily is saying something important and I shouldn’t have been there distracting people so they cut me out.”
She admitted that watching the movie reduced her to tears.
She said: “I get so emotional. I sit there crying most of the way through it because I’m really proud that it’s my book, that they’ve done a good job and adapted it so well.
“Lily is an incredible actress and is going to get bigger, she’s so amazing and the chemistry between her and Sam is incredible. I couldn’t have asked for a better job to be done.
“I’ve met them a few different times and they’re lovely. And I met Suki Waterhouse as well who is such a doll, so beautiful and so friendly and kind.
“It’s just a job but still incredible to meet them and see how they take on different characters – it’s a real talent.”
Cecelia was only 21 when her first book PS I Love You was published.
 

She said: “I’d been writing all through my teenage years as a hobby. I never intended on publishing anything.
“I’d just finished college and my mum was reading it and said, ‘Why don’t you send it to someone for some advice’, and that’s what I did.
“It ended up being published and suddenly it was a career but that wasn’t the intention. I really do it because I love to do it.”
She was taken aback when her book was then made into a movie.
“I think if I’d tried to achieve what happened I would have failed – it was just a natural thing that happened.
“I had a really good agent and we worked closely together. I was writing every day and staying up every night. I’d start writing about 10pm and then write all the way through until 6am.
“Then I’d sleep for a couple of hours and go straight back to it. I did not leave my house for three months. I took it really seriously.”
Cecelia was a little starstruck on the set of PS I Love You when she met Scots hunk Butler and US star Swank.
“It was an amazing experience and I could see it was introducing my books to a whole new audience as well.
“Suddenly standing in a set that’s been plucked from your head is really bizarre. I found that really overwhelming.
“They were so sweet and Gerard was charming and gave me lots of time and Hilary was so professional and lovely too.
“But it was amazing to watch her go from Hilary to character – she gave a masterclass in acting.
“I was starstruck. But what gets me every time is being overwhelmed that my characters have come to life and are talking, walking, breathing people and not just these people in my head.
“As soon as Gerard was cast I thought he was&nbsp;perfect and with Hilary, I was super excited about it because she brought such depth, it was funny and sad.
“She’s a genius at what she does. They perfectly embodied everything about the characters that I wanted them to.”
Cecelia insists she doesn’t need to experience the same situations in life as her characters to be able to write.
“Crime writers haven’t gone out to murder people to write about a psychopath,” she said.
“No matter what age you are, you’re experiencing emotions and being empathetic and sympathetic.
“You put yourself into someone else’s position and try to imagine.”
Cecelia structures her day much like many other working mums.
“I used to write all night and sleep all day before I had children,” she said.
“Now I have an office outside of home. I work four days a week from nine to five. And we have a childminder at home with the kids.
“It’s structured like a regular person’s job. I write as quickly as I can in the moments I have.”
She added: “My routine is I begin a book in January and it’s due in June. I edit in the summer and then it’s ready to be published in the autumn.
“Every year is the same. I write quickly – if it didn’t feel natural I wouldn’t do it. As soon as I start something I race to finish it.”
■ The Year I Met You by Cecelia Ahern is published by Harper Collins today, &pound;16.99. The film Love, Rosie is due for release on October 22.
 