POLICE believe Kelly, who disappeared exactly one month ago, is getting hep from other people "to evade justice" and said there have been no confirmed sightings of him since he vanished. Police make fresh plea to find machete thug Jonathan Kelly who went missing after breaching his bail conditions - Daily Record POLICE are re-appealing for information about an ex-prisoner who went missing after breaching his release conditions.
 Officers are trying to trace 33-year-old Jonathan Kelly , who disappeared exactly one month ago. 
They believe he is getting help from other people &quot;to evade justice&quot; and said there have been no confirmed sightings of him since he vanished.
 Last month, armed officers responded to a reported sighting of Kelly and sealed off part of Boyd Street in Glasgow's Crosshill area as they searched the area for him . 
Detectives said he is not thought to be a threat to the public but they have warned people not to approach him.
Kelly, of Carolside Drive, Drumchapel, had his licence revoked after failing to comply with imposed conditions following his release from Lowmoss Prison on August 21.
 He has been &quot;unlawfully at large&quot; since September 10, according to police . 
Detective Superintendent Stevie Grant, of Greater Glasgow division CID, said a &quot;significant amount of work&quot; has gone into trying to trace Kelly over the last four weeks.
He said: &quot;We have a number of police officers working within a dedicated team on this inquiry, and they have been assisted by specialist colleagues from a number of departments within our organisation. In addition, we've been liaising very closely with our main partner agencies across Scotland to help trace Mr Kelly.
&quot;From our inquiries, our assessment is that Mr Kelly is receiving assistance from individuals in order to evade justice.
&quot;To those individuals, we would encourage you to contact police. Please consider the additional pressure harbouring Mr Kelly will place on you and your family as time goes on, and you will come to the attention of the police.&quot;
Kelly is described as white, 5ft 9 ins tall, with a heavy build and short brown hair.
Mr Grant added: &quot;Despite the significant effort which has been made into this inquiry, there have been no confirmed sightings of Mr Kelly and he has not come to the attention of the police.
&quot;I'd like to take this opportunity to say that Mr Kelly is not considered a danger to the general public.
&quot;However, I would discourage the general public from approaching him or engaging with him as he prefers to spend time on his own.&quot;
Police also issued a direct appeal to the missing man to get in touch with them.
Mr Grant said: &quot;To Mr Kelly, I would like to say, please get in touch with us. You may feel that you have been portrayed incorrectly recently however you have this opportunity to set the record straight. You can contact myself directly on the incident room number which is 0141 532 3616 or you can contact us via a third party you trust.&quot;
Any sightings can be reported to police on 101 or by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
 