PETER was first employee of newly-built SECC - and started out sticking seat numbers on chairs. Peter Duthie, boss of the SECC and SSE Hydro, reveals how he worked his way through ranks for big gig - Daily Record BACK in 1985, Peter Duthie was the first employee of the newly built SECC in Glasgow.
Now he’s the boss of the SECC as well as the SSE Hydro next door, which has just celebrated its first birthday.
From sticking on seat numbers to stewarding, Peter, 55, worked his way up through the ranks and now looks after Scotland’s best entertainment venue, which has hosted Prince, Beyonce and their ilk, as well as the recent 21-night run of Still Game.
Peter, a father of two from Kilmacolm, was a qualified PE instructor who played national cricket for 12 years.
He wrote a letter to the then boss of the SECC in 1984, asking for a job.
He was made event sales executive but was always happy to muck in.
The first gig at the SECC was UB40, with support from Simply Red, in 1985.
He said: “I helped to do the simple things like sticking numbers on the seats for that one.
“We’d subcontracted the job and the contractor got it wrong, managing to number the tiered seating in a confusing way.
 

“We don’t have rows I or O as it causes mayhem and we ended up having to number the seats again.
“I was front of house manager then. Believe it or not, seat numbering was essential at the Hydro, too.”
Stewarding was also a role Peter took part in during the early days of concerts at the SECC – and he recalls a particular clash he had with an irate Shirley Bassey fan.
He said: “It was one of the early shows in hall four, which was our converted exhibition hall. It got refined over time but the early configurations meant the hall used to have the stage at one end and floor level seating throughout before a U-shape of seating at the back.
“It was not a great viewing experience and people struggled to see the stage.
“Prior to the SECC, they’d watch acts like Shirley Bassey at the King’s Theatre, where there was lots of velvet and wood pinned to the wall.
“At the SECC, irate visitors could only see a pin-size Shirley Bassey. This particular person had bought the cheapest seats right at the back and wasn’t happy, so I had to placate her.”
 

With an initially small staff of just 25 employees in one office, Peter had to take on everything from building stages to even painting the floor green for a live football match.
He said: “We had the Tennant’s Sixes indoor football tournament and had an Astroturf pitch put in from a five-a-side football company – but there were white markings on it that wouldn’t wash off from the previous use by an American football company.
“The only way to make it normal was to repaint the pitch. B&amp;Q didn’t have enough green paint, so we ended up buying two types of green and painted it in striped lines. Thankfully, it dried just in time overnight.”
During his time there he’s played football with Spandau Ballet, thrown a frisbee at Mick Hucknall, who missed the catch, and said “hello” to the likes of Elton John, Tina Turner and Sting.
Peter’s jobs have included sales director, commercial director and since April, the chief executive of the SECC and SSE Hydro.
He admitted: “It was emotional when I stepped up in April.
“It’s been a huge privilege being commercial director since 2008 and my new role has expanded dramatically to take in every area of the business.
 

“It’s my job as CEO to effect the culture of change and take things to the next stage and some things needed to be addressed.”
These include accessibility for older audiences to the higher areas of the SSE Hydro, with more stewarding to help.
The acoustics have been tweaked to sound even better and backstage has been made more comfortable for artists, including bespoke art.
Although primarily a music venue, which has hosted acts including Rod Stewart (who was the first act to play), Bruno Mars and Fleetwood Mac, the SSE Hydro was used for the netball and gymnastic events at the Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games.
It has also hosted the Mobos and recently had the Ryder Cup Gala Concert, which mixed acts such as Jake Bugg, Midge Ure and Nile Rodgers with Scottish Ballet and the National Theatre of Scotland.
Peter said: “Audiences have adopted the Hydro as an iconic building now and the Commonwealth Games gave us massive exposure from people like the BBC, who used us as the backdrop from their breakfast show to evening news.
“It’s been an extraordinary year, albeit a bit of a blur.”
And it’s not over yet. Next month the SSE Hydro hosts the MTV Emas and in December, it’s the BBC Sports Personality of the Year ceremony.
Peter laughed: “Then maybe I’ll have chance to celebrate my wedding anniversary.
 