A man who was convicted of rape and sex abuse charges after grooming young girls has been jailed for six years. Rapist Javaid Akhond who groomed girls jailed for six years A man who was convicted of rape and sex abuse charges after grooming young girls has been jailed for six years.
Afghan national Javaid Akhond, 20, targeted three girls aged, 12, 13 and 15 in Glasgow between 2011 and 2013.
The High Court in Glasgow heard how he lured them into having sex by buying them presents and inviting them to parties at his flat in Shawlands.
The failed asylum seeker was caught by a police operation to root out child sexual exploitation.
Akhond was convicted of a string of charges following a trial last month. 
This included raping the first girl - who was under 13 - and having underage sex with the two others girls. 
He was also found guilty of two grooming charges and two charges of assault. 
Jailing him for a total of six years, Judge Lord Turnbull told Akhond: &quot;The evidence satisfied me that you actively sought out to target and groom young vulnerable girls who you knew to be much younger than you and who you expected to be impressionable. 
&quot;The conduct you were convicted of constitutes serious sexual offending.&quot; 
The court heard that Akhond was snared during Operation Dash - an investigation run by the former Strathclyde force in partnership with the charity Barnardo's Scotland. 
Akhond's trial heard that he arrived in Scotland as a teenager seeking asylum from Afghanistan and got a job working in a fast food restaurant. 
He built up a close network of friends and soon began prowling Glasgow city centre for young &quot;highly impressionable&quot; girls. 
He first started grooming a 12-year-old girl in 2011 after approaching her as she was ice skating with friends in the city's George Square. 
The youngster initially claimed she was 16 - but within days Akhond found out her true age. But, the court heard that &quot;made no odds&quot; to him. 
Akhond repeatedly pestered the child to visit his flat and they eventually had sex.
Akhond then targeted the girl's 13 year-old friend and tried to impress by buying her clothes and taking her for meals. 
The youngster told the jury: &quot;I thought it was good at the time, but I feel he used me. He wanted me to get closer to him and promised me all this stuff.&quot; 
Akhond invited her to house parties - where a string of other young girls were also present - and eventually had sex with her. 
He then went on to have intercourse with a 15-year-old girl in 2013. 
The court heard that Akhond also sexually assaulted a 16-year-old girl at a flat in the city's Ibrox area in 2013. 
Akhond violently grabbed the teenager after she stepped in when he slapped one of her friends on the face. 
Speaking after Akhond was jailed, Det Insp Douglas McKinlay said: &quot;The conviction and sentencing of Javaid Akhond was the result of an on-going multi-agency investigation into child sexual exploitation in the west of Scotland under Operation Dash. 
&quot;The operation has so far led to 22 persons being reported to the procurator fiscal and investigations are continuing.&quot;
 