Less than 60 per cent of proceedings ran on time during 2013/14 – making Paisley Sheriff Court the worst across the whole of Scotland, along with Glasgow and Strathkelvin Sheriff Court. Paisley Sheriff Court struggles to deal with backlog of cases - Daily Record Victims of crime are being “denied justice” as staff at Paisley Sheriff Court struggle to deal with a huge backlog of cases, it was claimed yesterday.
Targets set by the Scottish Government mean trials should be held within 182 days of charges being filed.
However, new figures – uncovered under Freedom of Information laws – show these targets are being missed at Paisley Sheriff Court, where the situation is now at a five-year low.
Less than 60 per cent of proceedings ran on time during 2013/14 – making Paisley Sheriff Court the worst across the whole of Scotland, along with Glasgow and Strathkelvin Sheriff Court.
Paisley-based Conservative MSP Annabel Goldie has demanded urgent action to tackle the problem.
Ms Goldie, who is a former solicitor, told the Paisley Daily Express: “The simple fact is justice delayed is justice denied.
“Paisley Sheriff Court is clearly struggling under increasing strain and now we discover delays from charge to verdict have been getting worse for five years. The people who will suffer the most are victims, their families and witnesses, who understandably do not want to spend days on end with court cases hanging over them.”
Figures released yesterday, following a Freedom of Information request by the Scottish Conservatives, show that, in 2013/14, only 59.7 per cent of cases at Paisley Sheriff Court went from charge to verdict within the 26-week target period.
This is despite the fact the court dealt with 118 fewer cases in 2013/14 than in the previous year, with the number dropping from 2,195 to 2,073.
In 2012/13, a total of 64.8 per cent of Paisley cases were dealt with on time and, back in 2009/10, the figure was nearly 78 per cent.
Ms Goldie has also warned that, at a time when court staff are struggling to cope with a lack of resources, the Scottish Government’s decision to press ahead with some court closures simply adds to the existing problems.
She said: “No matter what the SNP will say about the target being a guideline, the truth is that this majority SNP government’s justice system reform policies have been both inept and incompetent.
“As usual, this government and the Justice Secretary brushed aside not only opposition politicians’ concerns but also the concerns expressed by experts.”
Last night, a spokesman for the Scottish Court Service stressed the long-term trend in crime and court registrations is downward.
However, he added: “During 2013/14, there was a significant increase in domestic abuse and sexual offence cases, as well as increased road traffic offences.
“Our courts already have the physical capacity to deal with these increased business levels and, with additional judicial, court and Crown Office staff now in place to tackle this increase, the number of cases settled within 26 weeks will improve significantly.
“As we have continued to make clear, the court closures accounted for a redistribution of only five per cent of the overall business, with no reduction in judicial or court staff.
“In conjunction with the High Court moving to three dedicated centres in Edinburgh, Glasgow and Aberdeen, rather than being spread across the Sheriff Courts, and with the promised investment being made at Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Dundee, Forfar and Tain, we continue to have sufficient and improved court capacity available.”
A Scottish Government spokesman added: “This is an operational matter for the Scottish Court Service. However, 95 per cent of court business is unaffected by recent changes to court structures and SCS has confirmed they have capacity within courts to deal with current and anticipated cases.
“Justice agencies, working through the national Justice Board and local Criminal Justice Boards, monitor overall levels of demand across the justice system and take action, when necessary, to ensure that cases are processed efficiently and effectively.”
 