The company, which designed and manufactured Scotland's first satellite UKube-1, will almost treble its design and manufacturing space with the move to Finnieston business campus Satellite manufacturer Clyde Space takes new 10,000 sq ft facility at Skypark Satellite manufacturer Clyde Space takes new 10,000 sq ft facility at Skypark - Daily Record Scottish satellite design firm Clyde Space is expanding its operations with a move to a new 10,000 sq ft bespoke facility at Skypark in Glasgow.
Clyde Space, the manufacturer of Scotland's first satellite UKube-1, will almost treble its manufacturing and design space when it moves to the new bespoke premises in Finnieston business campus.
The company, currently based at the West of Scotland Science Park in Maryhill, is expected to move its 34 staff to the new premises by the end of the year.
Clyde Space, which makes small spacecraft systems, designed and manufactured Scotland's first ever satellite Ukube-1, which was launched aboard a Russian Soyuz-2 rocket from Baikonur Cosmodrome, Kazakhstan in July.
The shoebox-sized nanosatellite will fly educational packages, trial new technologies and undertake space research on a year-long mission.
Craig Clark, chief executive of Clyde Space, said: “We’re very excited to be moving to Skypark, as our new facilities will support the growth of both our business and our capabilities.
“UKube-1 was just the first of many satellites; we hope to help make Glasgow as famous for building spacecraft as it once was for shipbuilding.”
Angela Higgins, director of Resonance Capital, a joint venture partner in Skypark, said: “It’s great to welcome Clyde Space to Skypark.
“The company has established itself as a world-beating satellite system designer and manufacturer, and to have them here demonstrates that our combination of flexible packages and high quality working environment has been a success.
“We are sure that in its expanded facility at Skypark, Clyde Space will continue to break new ground on its mission to lead Scotland's growing space industry.”
&nbsp;
 