The glittering event held in Glasgow saw Fiona McKenzie of Centrestage, the Kilmarnock musical theatre company and social enterprise, take home the prestigious ‘Recognition of Outstanding Contribution’ award. Kilmarnock businesswoman who runs musical theatre company is top of the pops - Daily Record Ayrshire’s leading business women’s group was celebrating on Friday as three of its members took home top awards at the 2014 Association of Scottish Businesswomen Awards.
The glittering event held in Glasgow saw Fiona McKenzie of Centrestage, the Kilmarnock musical theatre company and social enterprise, take home the prestigious ‘Recognition of Outstanding Contribution’ award.
Fiona follows in the footsteps of fellowKilmarnock businesswoman Marie Macklin of Klin Group who picked up the award at last year’s ceremony.
Get2Grips with Grants, the Largs business which sources and secures funding primarily for not-for-profit organisations and is led by Managing Director Louise McCarron, was named Best Performing Team of the Year.
Meanwhile, the Most Innovative Start-Up award went to Joanne Robinson of The Little Art School by the Sea Co. Ltd, which now offers art classes in Ayr, Troon, West Kilbride and Newton Mearns.
Linda Hill of West Kilbride’s LAH Travel, Heather Stevenson of Ayr’s Roundsquare Roastery and Susan Chan of Kilmarnock’s Susan Chan &amp; Associates were also recognised as finalists in the stiffly-fought national awards.
All are members of the Ayrshire Association of Business Women (AABW), whose president, Liz Cooper, commented: “Last year, Ayrshire enjoyed fantastic success at the ASB Awards.
“To repeat this success in 2014 is outstanding.
“Ayrshire won three of the nine awards on offer, punching well above our weight, and when you also take into consideration the three further Ayrshire businesses represented amongst the finalists, it is clear that here in the South West we enjoy an extraordinary depth of business talent, innovation and entrepreneurship.
“Plus, for Ayrshire business women to win the Outstanding Contribution award two years in a row is phenomenal.
“My sincere congratulations to all of the finalists and winners from Ayrshire and across Scotland.”
The Ayrshire Association of Business Women is Ayrshire’s leading business women’s group, offering informal networking and informative events across Ayrshire.
AABW is affiliated to the Association of Scottish Business Women, organisers of the ASB Awards which were held at Glasgow’s Hilton Hotel on Friday.
AABW’s next event is at Ayrshire College’s Kilmarnock Campus on Tuesday, October 21.
For details and to book online see www.aabw.org.uk
 