RADIO star Gina helped launch next year's events and admits she's been inspired to do her first Kiltwalk when the event goes global. Clyde 1 DJ Gina McKie plans to make her Kiltwalk debut in style.. by trekking along the Great Wall of China - Daily Record CLYDE 1 DJ Gina McKie might not have done a Kiltwalk yet but she’s planning to do it in style next year – by trekking along the Great Wall of China.
She wants to ensure her first Kiltwalk – or KiltTrek as they are called overseas – is memorable.
As she launched next year’s events, Gina said: “I was asked if I could do this year’s one in New York in November and am gutted that I can’t do it because my diary is so manic.
“So I’ve decided that I’ll either do China or Peru instead. I need to do the training and get prepared.
“But altitude sickness worries me so maybe Machu Picchu is out. I think I’ll do China next year. How amazing would that be?”

The charities benefiting from Glasgow’s Kiltwalk in 2015 are Clyde Cash For Kids, CHAS, Yorkhill Children’s Charity, SiMBA, A&amp;M Training and Calum’s Cabin.
Clyde 1’s involvement has made it the first year Gina, 41, has featured and she already feels part of something very special.
She has hosted Kiltwalks across Scotland and admitted the Glasgow Kiltwalk, which left from the SSE Hydro this year, staggered her. She said: “There were more than 6000 people at The Hydro and I remember thinking, ‘Where did they all come from?’
“The atmosphere was incredible and it was great to speak to the people taking part and hear their stories.
“At the end of it, at Loch Lomond, they were all headed for the beer tent for a foot massage and a pint. It’s such a great atmosphere.”

Gina said she already feels part of the Kiltwalk family.
“As you go to fundraisers through the year, you start to recognise some of the walkers and to learn their stories.
“There is a lot of emotion there, a lot of people are doing it for a reason and when they speak to you about it, it’s overwhelming.
“And it surprises me the number of young people taking part.
“A lot of the emotion tends to come at the finish line. That’s when people share their stories and tears and everyone’s hugging each other. Lovely day.”
Gina said anyone can sign up no matter their age, shape or size, as there are different levels.
“I am so proud to be involved and am already excited about next year’s events, it will have grown so much. I love that our involvement means I can get to all the cities across Scotland and meet a lot of people.
“I’d encourage everyone to take part. You’ll meet loads of amazing people who are doing something from the heart, you’ll get fit as it requires training beforehand and you’ll be helping Scots kids who need it most.”
For more information or to take part in next years Kiltwalks which include: Hampden Park in Glasgow to Loch Lomond Kiltwalk on April 12 2015, Edinburgh Kiltwalk, Aberdeen Kiltwalk, Speyside Kiltwalk and Dundee Kiltwalk visit www.thekiltwalk.co.uk
 