THE two sides face-off in Belfast and the Scots are feeling confident having already bagged five wins on the trot. Finn Russell returns to Glasgow Warriors midfield against Ulster for more attacking options - Daily Record GREGOR TOWNSEND is ready to unleash “Emerald Isle specialist” Finn Russell on star-studded Ulster as Glasgow bid to stay at the head of the Pro12 glory race.
The sides square up in Belfast tonight – with the Warriors aiming to make it five triumphs on the trot.
And Townsend couldn’t contain his excitement at having young Scotland playmaker Russell back to make his first start of the campaign in midfield.
The coach – who has also recalled international paceman Sean Maitland for the showdown at the Kingspan Stadium – said: “What stands out is Finn’s ability to perform in high pressure environments.
“He played really well last term against Leinster in Dublin and Munster in Limerick. Games like that seem to bring out the best in him.
“Our recent games with Ulster have been very competitive and this will be another tough test for us.

“They had a good win last weekend and will be coming into the game with confidence.
“We have huge respect for our opponents and we’re looking forward to playing in front of a big crowd at their revamped home ground.
“We’re expecting a high intensity match and both teams will be looking to go into their respective European campaigns off the back of a good performance.”
Maitland will make his first appearance of the season on the right wing, with Tommy Seymour moving to the opposite side to face his old team-mates after his two tries against Treviso last weekend.
Peter Murchie replaces Stuart Hogg at full-back to make his first start since the win over Cardiff Blues last month, while Mark Bennett comes in for Sean Lamont at outside centre.12.
Russell will partner Henry Pyrgos who replaces Niko Matawalu at scrum-half.

Gordon Reid and Euan Murray are back for Alex Allan and Rossouw de Klerk in the front-row, while Fraser Brown takes over the No.2 jersey from Pat MacArthur.
In a new second-row partnership, Tim Swinson and Leone Nakarawa come in for Tom Ryder and Ally Kellock.
In the back-row Rob Harley and Chris Fusaro return and Josh Strauss will be captain.
Scotland hooker Dougie Hall, who has recovered from an arm injury picked up in last season’s Pro12 final, could make his first appearance of the season from the bench. Ulster will be without Test stand-off Paddy Jackson who is sidelined with concussion. He is replaced by Ian Humphreys.
There are two changes in the pack with Andrew Warwick is at prop for Ruaridh Murphy and Nick Williams ousts Roger Wilson from the No.8 berth.
Saturday’s game in Belfast, for which 15,500 tickets have been sold, will be Ulster’s last under Les Kiss as interim director of rugby. Former Ulster scrum-half Neil Doak has been appointed as the new head coach.

&nbsp;
Glasgow : P Murchie; S Maitland, M Bennett, P Horne, T Seymour; F Russell, H Pyrgos; G Reid, F Brown, E Murray, T Swinson, L Nakarawa, R Harley, C Fusaro, J Strauss (captain).
Subs : D Hall, J Yanuyanutawa, Z Ferguson, J Gray, A Ashe, N Matawalu, J Downey, S Lamont.
 