Ian Humphreys will be at fly-half for Ulster in place of concussion victim Paddy Jackson as they entertain Pro12 leaders Glasgow Warriors. Pro12: Ulster v Glasgow Warriors Venue: Kingspan Stadium, Belfast Date: Saturday, 11 October Kick-off: 17:05 BST
Coverage: Live commentary on BBC Radio Ulster and BBC Sport website; live score updates on the BBC Sport website
 Ian Humphreys will be at fly-half for Ulster in place of concussion victim Paddy Jackson as they entertain Pro12 leaders Glasgow Warriors. 
 Andrew Warwick replaces Ruaidhri Murphy at loosehead, while Nick Williams comes in for Roger Wilson at number eight after the 30-0 hammering of Edinburgh. 
 Glasgow head coach Gregor Townsend continues his squad rotation policy. 
 Only Tommy Seymour, Peter Horne and Josh Strauss remain from the starting line-up that defeated Treviso 40-23. 
 Seymour, who scored twice in Italy, switches wings as fellow Scotland international Sean Maitland makes his first Warriors appearance of the season following injury. 
 Strauss captains the side as Al Kellock drops out, while Horne continues at centre. 
&quot;We have huge respect for our opponents and we're looking forward to playing in front of a big crowd at the Kingspan Stadium&quot;
 Scotland hooker Dougie Hall, who has recovered from an arm injury picked up in last season's Pro12 final, could make his first appearance of the season from the bench. 
 Jonny Gray and Adam Ashe also return from injury and are among the replacements, while fellow forward Zander Fagerson has once again been named on the bench after the 18-year-old made his Warriors debut against Treviso. 
 Ulster props Ricky Lutton and Dave Ryan and full-back Peter Nelson were available for selection after recovering from injury, but none have made the match-day squad. 
 Saturday's game in Belfast, for which 15,500 tickets have been sold, will be Ulster's last under Les Kiss as interim director of rugby. 
 Former Ulster scrum-half Neil Doak has been appointed as the province's new head coach. 
 Kiss is returning to his full-time duties as Ireland coach Joe Schmidt's assistant but will return to take up the permanent job of Ulster director of rugby after the 2015 World Cup. 
 Ulster are currently third in the Pro12 table, their only defeat in five matches being the surprise loss away to Zebre two weeks ago, while Glasgow are looking for a sixth straight victory. 
 Townsend said: &quot;Our recent games with Ulster have been very competitive and tomorrow will be another tough test for us. 
 &quot;They had a good win last weekend and will be coming into the game with confidence. 
 &quot;We have huge respect for our opponents and we're looking forward to playing in front of a big crowd at the Kingspan Stadium. 
 &quot;We're expecting a high intensity match and both teams will be looking to go into their respective European campaigns off the back of a good performance.&quot; 
  Ulster:  Louis Ludik, Andrew Trimble, Jared Payne, Stuart McCloskey, Tommy Bowe, Ian Humphreys, Paul Marshall, Andrew Warwick, Rory Best (captain), Wiehahn Herbst, Alan O'Connor, Franco van der Merwe, Robbie Diack, Chris Henry, Nick Williams.  Replacements:  Rob Herring, Callum Black, Bronson Ross, Lewis Stevenson, Roger Wilson, Michael Heaney, Stuart Olding, Craig Gilroy. 
  Glasgow Warriors:  Peter Murchie, Sean Maitland, Mark Bennett, Peter Horne, Tommy Seymour, Finn Russell, Henry Pyrgos, Gordon Reid, Fraser Brown, Euan Murray, Tim Swinson, Leone Nakarawa, Rob Harley, Chris Fusaro, Josh Strauss (captain).  Replacements:  Dougie Hall, Jerry Yanuyanutawa, Zander Fagerson, Jonny Gray, Adam Ashe, Niko Matawalu, James Downey, Sean Lamont. 
 