THE fundraiser in April will see thousands of walkers trek from Hampden to Loch Lomond and there are also several other walks planned across the country. Kiltwalk 2015 set to be the biggest ever as organisers prepares for fourth year of tartan trekking - Daily Record IT began life as a fundraiser staged by the Tartan Army but the Kiltwalk has gone on to become one of Scotland’s biggest charity events.
Four years on from its humble beginnings, Kiltwalk 2015 boasts more events, more volunteers and more beneficiaries than ever, as thousands trek a special route across Scotland.
The Daily Record is official media partner for the charity effort, in which thousands will walk from Hampden Park to the shores of Loch Lomond on April 12, 2015.
That will be followed by treks in Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Speyside, Dundee and Perth, as last year’s record figures of 12,000 walkers and &pound;1.7million raised looks set to be smashed.

Created by Scotland fan Carey McEvoy in 2011 as part of the Tartan Army Children’s Charity group (TACC), the Kiltwalk has gone on to become a successful charity organisation in its own right.
Carey said he was delighted with the success of the last three years and was looking forward to even bigger things to come.
“The first Kiltwalks were for the TACC in 2010 and 2011 but we’ve been a registered charity in our own right since 2012, pulling Scotland’s Children’s Charities together,” he said.

“It came about when I was the chief executive of TACC and was looking for a way to get the Tartan Army involved in a new major fundraiser.
“I’d seen the Moonwalk , which I thought was a terrific idea and it wasn’t rocket science to make the jump to walking with kilts, supporting children’s charities instead of breast cancer charities.
“It’s been fantastic to see so many good causes pull together for the one common goal.
“From the financial crisis in 2008, many of the charities I knew were really struggling with fundraising.
“So I said, ‘I’ll put on an event, you guys help, put your brand towards it and let’s pool our resources’. That working together has been why people keep coming back.
“Next year, we will have more than 30 charity partners, giving a much wider range of causes.
“We will also be letting teams nominate their own cause to get a grant from us.”
“This year, we had more than 700 teams supporting causes from massive charities to local appeals and schools, everything and anything that supports Scotland’s children and we’re all very proud of that.”

This year saw the most successful series of events so far, with Kiltwalks attended by almost 12,000 people. The walks are split into 26 miles, 13 miles and six miles – known as the Wee Walk.
The event has drawn some star names, with Sam Heughan and the cast of Outlander taking part. Former Scotland boss Craig Levein , Sunday Mail columnist Cat Harvey , TV presenter Cat Cubie, Still Game’s Gavin Mitchell, ex-rugby star Chris Paterson and former Scotland football captain Gary McAllister have also taken part.
Carey said he thinks the reason for the event’s success is its straightforward nature.
“It’s simple, everyone can get it. We don’t time people, it’s not a race. We have pit stops managed by the charities and they hand out food and drinks. We want to make the events really fun.
“We’ve also done treks to China, Kilimanjaro and Peru. We took pipers and we’re going to New York in November.
“We’re trying to get people to set them up in the US – it could work well in New York, LA, places like that.
“Most of that money will go to local causes and 20 per cent will come back to Scottish charities.”
For more information or to take part in next years Kiltwalks which include: Hampden Park in Glasgow to Loch Lomond Kiltwalk on April 12 2015, Edinburgh Kiltwalk, Aberdeen Kiltwalk, Speyside Kiltwalk and Dundee Kiltwalk visit www.thekiltwalk.co.uk
 