FITNESS instructors dismayed after 2014 legacy fails to save gym sessions for citizens. Commonwealth Games city axes gym classes after pledge to get citizens fit - Daily Record HUNDREDS of fitness classes launched to help Scots get fit after the Commonwealth Games have been axed.
The sessions were introduced after a huge refurbishment programme at Glasgow’s leisure clubs and gyms.
They were part of a drive to secure a legacy for the Games – improving the fitness of Glaswegians inspired after watching 2014 events.
But more than 200 gym classes at Glasgow Club sports centres across the city have been cut less than three months after the closing ceremony.
There are 27 Glasgow Club sports centres, run by the Glasgow Life trust, who are owned by the city council.
Venues facing cuts include the Emirates Arena in the city’s east end which hosted the Commonwealth swimming and cycling events.
Other centres being hit by cuts are Glasgow Clubs in Yoker, Whitehill, Maryhill and Pollok.
One fitness instructor, who asked not to be named, said: “All year, Glasgow Life have been boasting about the increase in classes and facilities and how it will add to the legacy of the Games.
“Then three weeks ago we’re all called and told that hundreds of classes are being cut.
 

“We’re supposed to be encouraging people to get fit and healthy. How are we supposed to do that if we’re cutting classes?”
Games bosses pledged the lasting success of the event would be measured in “the number of people getting active and making use of the facilities in our communities”.
Glasgow Club member Allan Lynn said: “I’m really disappointed by the withdrawal of so many classes.
“I do body combat three times a week and two of those have been pulled.
“It’s a really poor show from Glasgow Club – so much for the post-Games legacy.”
Glasgow Life admitted around 200 classes being cut, claiming that these were classes that were duplicated during the Games period.
Glasgow Life said: “We revisit our fitness class timetable four times a year to ensure we are meeting demand and providing the classes customers want.”
Another fitness instructor said last night: “Centres were closed throughout the Games and classes were moved, but none were added as extra.
“Glasgow Life say it’s the less popular classes that are being cut, but I don’t think that is necessarily the case.Classes are being cut that are still in high demand.”
The Scottish Government said: “The Commonwealth Games legacy aims to ensure that more people feel inspired to take part in physical activity.
“Going to the gym is only one form of physical activity and we’re working to support people incorporating physical activity into their everyday lives.”
 