Scott McManus scored his sixth goal of the season as Clyde beat 10-man East Fife to snap a six game winless run in the league and move off bottom spot.    McManus 38′  
 Scott McManus scored his sixth goal of the season as Clyde beat 10-man East Fife to snap a six game winless run in the league and move off bottom spot. 
 McManus latched on to Brian McQueen's delivery to fire home from six yards before the interval. 
 The hosts' Ewan Moyes was sent packing with 20 minutes to play for a second booking. 
 Jon McShane had a chance to earn East Fife a point in stoppage time but he headed straight at keeper Alan Martin 
    Full Time  Match ends, East Fife 0, Clyde 1. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, East Fife 0, Clyde 1. 
  Booking  Ross Campbell (East Fife) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Ross Campbell (East Fife). 
 Ryan Frances (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jon McShane (East Fife). 
 Brian McQueen (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Jon McShane (East Fife) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Lewis Barr (East Fife). 
 Michael Daly (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Jon McShane (East Fife) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by David Sinclair (Clyde). 
 Attempt missed. Euan Smith (Clyde) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Jonathan Page. 
 Corner, East Fife. Conceded by Euan Smith. 
  Substitution  Substitution, East Fife. Ross Campbell replaces Kevin Smith. 
 Jon McShane (East Fife) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Brian McQueen (Clyde). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. David Sinclair replaces Stephen O'Donnell. 
 Attempt missed. Fraser Mullen (East Fife) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Fraser Mullen (East Fife) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by David Gray (Clyde). 
  Substitution  Substitution, East Fife. Lewis Barr replaces Nathan Austin. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. Michael Daly replaces Scott McManus. 
 Foul by Ross Brown (East Fife). 
 Stephen O'Donnell (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Nathan Austin. 
  Dismissal  Second yellow card to Ewan Moyes (East Fife). 
 Euan Smith (Clyde) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ewan Moyes (East Fife). 
 Ewan Moyes (East Fife) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Euan Murray (Clyde). 
 Attempt saved. Caolan McAleer (East Fife) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Booking  Ross Brown (East Fife) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Ross Brown (East Fife). 
 David Gray (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Jon McShane (East Fife) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Booking  Ryan Frances (Clyde) is shown the yellow card. 
 Jon McShane (East Fife) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ryan Frances (Clyde). 
 Ross Brown (East Fife) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Euan Murray (Clyde). 
  Booking  David Gray (Clyde) is shown the yellow card. 
 Caolan McAleer (East Fife) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by David Gray (Clyde). 
  Substitution  Substitution, East Fife. Caolan McAleer replaces Allan Walker. 
 Attempt missed. Jonathan Page (East Fife) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. 
 Corner, East Fife. Conceded by Andy Gibson. 
 Attempt saved. Scott McManus (Clyde) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Scott Durie (Clyde) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. Euan Murray replaces Kevin Watt. 
 Jon McShane (East Fife) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Ryan Frances (Clyde). 
 Jon McShane (East Fife) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ryan Frances (Clyde). 
   Second Half begins East Fife 0, Clyde 1. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, East Fife 0, Clyde 1. 
 Jon McShane (East Fife) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ryan Frances (Clyde). 
 Attempt missed. Jon McShane (East Fife) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Fraser Mullen (East Fife) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Scott Durie (Clyde). 
 Corner, East Fife. Conceded by Brian McQueen. 
 Nathan Austin (East Fife) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Aidan Mcilduff (Clyde). 
  Goal!  Goal! East Fife 0, Clyde 1. Scott McManus (Clyde) right footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Brian McQueen with a cross. 
  Booking  Ewan Moyes (East Fife) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Ewan Moyes (East Fife). 
 Kevin Watt (Clyde) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Fraser Mullen (East Fife). 
 Kevin Watt (Clyde) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Nathan Austin (East Fife) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Euan Smith (Clyde). 
 Attempt missed. Nathan Austin (East Fife) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
 Attempt saved. Scott McManus (Clyde) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Ewan Moyes (East Fife) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Scott McManus (Clyde). 
 Kevin Smith (East Fife) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Euan Smith (Clyde). 
 Corner, East Fife. Conceded by Ryan Frances. 
 Attempt missed. Ross Brown (East Fife) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt saved. Jon McShane (East Fife) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Jonathan Page (East Fife) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, East Fife. Conceded by Alan Martin. 
 Attempt saved. Fraser Mullen (East Fife) right footed shot from very close range is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt missed. Nathan Austin (East Fife) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Nathan Austin (East Fife) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Aidan Mcilduff (Clyde). 
 Attempt missed. Fraser Mullen (East Fife) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Ross Brown (East Fife) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Attempt saved. Kevin Smith (East Fife) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Foul by Andy Gibson (Clyde). 
 Nathan Austin (East Fife) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 