SCOTLAND'S largest city has the highest number of quick cash shops and bookies in any council area in the country, according to research. Glasgow has more payday loan firms and bookies than anywhere else in Britain says new report - Daily Record GLASGOW is both the payday loan and betting shop capital of Britain, we can reveal.
Scotland’s largest city has the highest number of quick cash shops and bookies in any council area in the country, according to research.
Campaigners have warned of a “worrying combination” of money lenders sitting side by side with bookies on high streets across the country.
Glasgow has 51 payday shops, while Birmingham is second highest with 45 stores, despite having almost double the population of the Scottish city.
Edinburgh is sixth with 28, and North and South Lanarkshire joint 13th with 18 each.
Meanwhile, Glasgow has 243 betting shops, compared with 186 in Birmingham and 168 in Liverpool. Edinburgh has 114.
The figures were compiled for the Campaign for Fairer Gambling, who have called for a crackdown on fixed odds betting terminals in bookies.
Spokesman Adrian Parkinson said: “Betting shops in Scotland are now driven by highly-addictive casino gaming machines which very often lead players into financially difficulty due to their high staking capacity of &pound;100 a spin.
“The high number of betting shops alongside payday loan shops across Glasgow is a worrying combination and will have serious social consequences unless curbed.”
Earlier this year, the UK Government unveiled proposals which would require betting shops to apply for planning permission to open branches.
Parkinson added: “Scotland’s two major cities are increasingly being targeted by two sectors that the Westminster Government is proposing to treat as ‘pariahs’ under proposed planning changes across England and Wales.
“The Scottish government has a planning consultation under way and we will be making a submission to that calling for both these industries to be treated similarly, giving some power back to Scottish councils to curb their high street presence.”
Earlier this month, payday lender Wonga said they would write off the debts racked up by 330,000 customers.
The company faced criticism for interest rates that left some customers unable to pay them back.
Susan McPhee, head of policy at Citizens Advice Scotland, said: “We have eight CABs in Glasgow and all of them report that they are seeing higher numbers of people in poverty than ever before.
“Many of these cases involve people who are struggling with huge debts to payday lenders.
“With interest rates of more than 4000 per cent, we see every day how people found payday loans were really a doorway to misery.”
John Dickie, head of Child Poverty Action Group in Scotland, said: “There is a gap for many families between income and the cost of raising children, and too often payday loans look like the only way of plugging that gap.
“It doesn’t come as a surprise that areas with high levels of poverty are under real financial stress.”
A Gamblers Anonymous spokesman said: “More and more people are coming to Gamblers Anonymous because of things like fixed odds betting terminals.”
Bookmakers claim the fears about fixed odds betting terminals have been overblown and that the scale of problem gambling in Britain is low.
The payday loan industry say costs are now far more transparent and affordability checks are carried out as a matter of course.
 