Shaun Fraser fired a double as Queen's Park moved up to third in the League Two table with a convincing win at East Stirlingshire.    Greene 65′  
  Fraser 5′, 25′  Woods 90′  
 Shaun Fraser fired a double as Queen's Park moved up to third in the League Two table with a convincing win at East Stirlingshire. 
 The Spiders were 2-0 up after 25 minutes thanks to Fraser's efforts. 
 Shire hit back after the break with Connor Greene reducing his side's deficit. 
 But that was as good as it got for the home side and Paul Woods made sure Queen's Park took all three points with a goal in the last minute. 
    Full Time  Match ends, East Stirling 1, Queen's Park 3. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, East Stirling 1, Queen's Park 3. 
  Booking  Shaun Rooney (Queen's Park) is shown the yellow card. 
 David Greenhill (East Stirling) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Shaun Rooney (Queen's Park). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Queen's Park. John Carter replaces Chris Duggan. 
  Goal!  Goal! East Stirling 1, Queen's Park 3. Paul Woods (Queen's Park) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Chris Duggan. 
 Foul by Neil McCabe (East Stirling). 
 Vincent Berry (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Lloyd Kinnaird (East Stirling). 
 Chris Duggan (Queen's Park) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Attempt missed. Ross Gilmour (East Stirling) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner. 
 David Greenhill (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Shaun Rooney (Queen's Park). 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Ross Gilmour. 
 Connor Greene (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Chris Duggan (Queen's Park). 
 Attempt saved. Sean Burns (Queen's Park) left footed shot from very close range is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
  Booking  Ross Gilmour (East Stirling) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Ross Gilmour (East Stirling). 
 Chris Duggan (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Shaun Rooney (Queen's Park) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Connor Greene. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Queen's Park. Sean Burns replaces Ciaran McElroy. 
 (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Shaun Rooney (Queen's Park). 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Connor Greene. 
 Paul Woods (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by David McKenna (East Stirling). 
 Jordan Tapping (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Chris Duggan (Queen's Park). 
  Booking  Jordan Tapping (East Stirling) is shown the yellow card. 
 Chris Duggan (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jordan Tapping (East Stirling). 
 Attempt missed. Steven Brisbane (East Stirling) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is just a bit too high. 
  Booking  David Greenhill (East Stirling) is shown the yellow card. 
  Substitution  Substitution, East Stirling. Paul Brennan replaces Jay Doyle. 
 Attempt missed. Chris Duggan (Queen's Park) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Goal!  Goal! East Stirling 1, Queen's Park 2. Connor Greene (East Stirling) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by David Greenhill. 
 Corner, East Stirling. Conceded by Paul Woods. 
 Foul by Graeme MacGregor (East Stirling). 
 Vincent Berry (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by David Greenhill (East Stirling). 
 Vincent Berry (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, East Stirling. Steven Brisbane replaces Billy Vidler. 
 Attempt missed. Paul Woods (Queen's Park) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Substitution  Substitution, East Stirling. Graeme MacGregor replaces Martyn Shields. 
 Connor Greene (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Chris Duggan (Queen's Park). 
 Attempt saved. Shaun Rooney (Queen's Park) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by David Greenhill. 
 Foul by Neil McCabe (East Stirling). 
 Ciaran McElroy (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jordan Tapping (East Stirling). 
 Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
   Second Half begins East Stirling 0, Queen's Park 2. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, East Stirling 0, Queen's Park 2. 
  Booking  Martyn Shields (East Stirling) is shown the yellow card. 
 Chris Duggan (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Martyn Shields (East Stirling). 
 Attempt missed. Scott Gibson (Queen's Park) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner. 
 Paul Woods (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by David Greenhill (East Stirling). 
 Attempt missed. Billy Vidler (East Stirling) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Foul by David MacGregor (Queen's Park). 
 David McKenna (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Chris Duggan (Queen's Park) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Connor Greene. 
  Goal!  Goal! East Stirling 0, Queen's Park 2. Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom right corner. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Lloyd Kinnaird. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Martyn Shields. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Jordan Tapping. 
 Neil McCabe (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park). 
 Attempt missed. Chris Duggan (Queen's Park) right footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Foul by Scott Gibson (Queen's Park). 
 Billy Vidler (East Stirling) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Attempt missed. Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. 
 Ciaran McElroy (Queen's Park) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by David Greenhill (East Stirling). 
 Attempt missed. Martyn Shields (East Stirling) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Foul by Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park). 
 Martyn Shields (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. David MacGregor (Queen's Park) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by David Greenhill. 
 Chris Duggan (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jordan Tapping (East Stirling). 
  Goal!  Goal! East Stirling 0, Queen's Park 1. Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park) header from the centre of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Ciaran McElroy. 
 Foul by Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park). 
 Ross Gilmour (East Stirling) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by David Greenhill (East Stirling). 
 Ciaran McElroy (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 