Airdrie secured their first home league win of the season with a comfortable victory against Brechin.    Fraser 3′  Proctor 21′  Lister 57′  Blockley 76′  
 Airdrie secured their first home league win of the season with a comfortable victory against Brechin. 
 Scott Fraser made it 1-0 with an early free-kick and David Proctor doubled the hosts' tally. 
 James Lister scored his third goal in as many matches after the break after fine work from Keigan Parker. 
 And after Liam Watt and Scott Gray went close for the home side, Nathan Blockley bagged the fourth after being set up by Watt. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Airdrieonians 4, Brechin City 0. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Airdrieonians 4, Brechin City 0. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Gerry McLauchlan. 
 Patrick Boyle (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Andy Jackson (Brechin City). 
 Attempt missed. Paul McLean (Brechin City) header from the centre of the box is too high following a corner. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by James Lister. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Chris O'Neil. 
 Foul by Nathan Blockley (Airdrieonians). 
 Andy Jackson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 James Lister (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Gerry McLauchlan (Brechin City). 
 Attempt missed. Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians) header from very close range is close, but misses to the right following a corner. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Ryan Ferguson. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Airdrieonians. Nicky Cadden replaces Scott Gray. 
 Attempt missed. Nathan Blockley (Airdrieonians) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Airdrieonians. Jamie Bain replaces Scott Fraser. 
  Goal!  Goal! Airdrieonians 4, Brechin City 0. Nathan Blockley (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from outside the box to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Liam Watt. 
  Booking  Gerry McLauchlan (Brechin City) is shown the yellow card. 
 Attempt missed. Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt saved. Keigan Parker (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Brechin City. Gerry McLauchlan replaces Jamie McCormack. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Scott Gray. 
  Goal!  Goal! Airdrieonians 3, Brechin City 0. James Lister (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Keigan Parker. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Colin Hamilton. 
 Attempt missed. James Lister (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
   Second Half begins Airdrieonians 2, Brechin City 0. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Brechin City. Andy Jackson replaces Kyle McAusland. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Airdrieonians 2, Brechin City 0. 
 Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Robert Thomson (Brechin City). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Brechin City. Ryan Ferguson replaces Alan Trouten because of an injury. 
 Attempt saved. Nathan Blockley (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from very close range is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Paul McLean. 
 Nathan Blockley (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kyle McAusland (Brechin City). 
 Attempt missed. Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Patrick Boyle (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Darren McCormack. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Airdrieonians. Nathan Blockley replaces David Proctor because of an injury. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Jamie McCormack. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by David Proctor. 
  Booking  Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians). 
 Alan Trouten (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kyle McAusland (Brechin City). 
 Attempt missed. Scott Fraser (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
  Goal!  Goal! Airdrieonians 2, Brechin City 0. David Proctor (Airdrieonians) header from very close range to the top right corner. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Darren McCormack. 
  Booking  Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) is shown the yellow card. 
 Alan Trouten (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Scott Gray (Airdrieonians). 
 Scott Fraser (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Jamie Masson (Brechin City). 
 Keigan Parker (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Jamie McCormack (Brechin City). 
 Hand ball by Chris O'Neil (Airdrieonians). 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Andy McNeil. 
 Attempt saved. Gary Fusco (Brechin City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
  Goal!  Goal! Airdrieonians 1, Brechin City 0. Scott Fraser (Airdrieonians) from a free kick with a left footed shot to the bottom left corner. 
 Foul by Colin Hamilton (Brechin City). 
 Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 