Andrew Barrowman and David McNeil hit the goals as Morton beat Stirling Albion to go third in League One.    Barrowman 33′  McNeil 85′  
 Andrew Barrowman and David McNeil hit the goals as Morton beat Stirling Albion to go third in League One. 
 Barrowman broke the deadlock with his second goal of the season, firing home from close range after keeper Callum Reidford saved Joe McKee's effort. 
 Stefan McCluskey almost made it 2-0 after the break but Lee Hamilton nodded his drive off the line. 
 McNeil made sure of the points late on, notching his first goal of the campaign from a few yards out. 
 The result leaves Stirling at the foot of the table. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Morton 2, Stirling Albion 0. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Morton 2, Stirling Albion 0. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by James Creaney. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Lee Hamilton. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by James Creaney. 
 Corner, Stirling Albion. Conceded by Derek Gaston. 
 Attempt saved. Willie Robertson (Stirling Albion) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Foul by Thomas O'Ware (Morton). 
 Sandy Cunningham (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Declan McManus (Morton). 
 Lee Hamilton (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
  Goal!  Goal! Morton 2, Stirling Albion 0. David McNeil (Morton) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Derek Gaston. 
 Attempt saved. Gordon Smith (Stirling Albion) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Stirling Albion. Dale Fulton replaces David McClune. 
 Conor Pepper (Morton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Sandy Cunningham (Stirling Albion). 
 Foul by Mark Russell (Morton). 
 Gordon Smith (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Stirling Albion. Conceded by Lee Kilday. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Morton. David McNeil replaces Andrew Barrowman because of an injury. 
 Attempt missed. Joe McKee (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Mark Russell (Morton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Darren L. Smith (Stirling Albion). 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by James Creaney. 
 Corner, Stirling Albion. Conceded by Joe McKee. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Stirling Albion. Sandy Cunningham replaces Graham Weir. 
 Foul by Thomas O'Ware (Morton). 
 Steven Doris (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Graham Weir (Stirling Albion) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the left. 
 Foul by Reece Hands (Morton). 
 Gordon Smith (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt saved. Gordon Smith (Stirling Albion) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Stirling Albion. Gordon Smith replaces Lewis Coult. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Morton. Jamie McCluskey replaces Stefan McCluskey. 
 Attempt saved. Reece Hands (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt missed. Reece Hands (Morton) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Hand ball by Conor Pepper (Morton). 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Chris Smith. 
 Stefan McCluskey (Morton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by David McClune (Stirling Albion). 
 Attempt missed. Darren L. Smith (Stirling Albion) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Lee Hamilton. 
 Attempt saved. Stefan McCluskey (Morton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Declan McManus (Morton) right footed shot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Graham Weir. 
 Lee Kilday (Morton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Steven Doris (Stirling Albion). 
 Foul by Joe McKee (Morton). 
 Lee Hamilton (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
   Second Half begins Morton 1, Stirling Albion 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Morton 1, Stirling Albion 0. 
 Foul by Declan McManus (Morton). 
 Lee Hamilton (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Thomas O'Ware (Morton). 
 Steven Doris (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Reece Hands (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Declan McManus (Morton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Darren L. Smith (Stirling Albion). 
 Stefan Milojevic (Morton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Lewis Coult (Stirling Albion). 
  Goal!  Goal! Morton 1, Stirling Albion 0. Andrew Barrowman (Morton) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt missed. Stefan Milojevic (Morton) header from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Chris Smith. 
 Attempt missed. Steven Doris (Stirling Albion) right footed shot from the centre of the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Callum Reidford. 
 Attempt saved. Mark Russell (Morton) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the top right corner. 
 Attempt saved. Joe McKee (Morton) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Steven Doris (Stirling Albion) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Steven Doris (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Thomas O'Ware (Morton). 
 Lewis Coult (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Reece Hands (Morton). 
 Foul by Graham Weir (Stirling Albion). 
 Stefan McCluskey (Morton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Steven Doris (Stirling Albion). 
 Mark Russell (Morton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Andrew Barrowman (Morton). 
 James Creaney (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Mark Russell (Morton) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by James Creaney. 
 Attempt missed. Andrew Barrowman (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Chris Smith. 
 Attempt missed. Reece Hands (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Foul by Willie Robertson (Stirling Albion). 
 Mark Russell (Morton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Lewis Coult (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Lee Kilday (Morton). 
 Foul by Andrew Barrowman (Morton). 
 Willie Robertson (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Reece Hands (Morton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by David McClune (Stirling Albion). 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 