AS they performed the first Live At Dingwall’s session for us, lead singer Brad Simpson revealed the band’s plans to ask the Thinking Out Loud star to join forces with them. Live At Dingwall’s: The Vamps hope to land top collaboration with Ed Sheeran after making friends on Twitter - Daily Record  
POP sensations The Vamps are hoping to team up with chart-topper Ed Sheeran on their second album after they became best pals on Twitter.
Speaking exclusively to 7Nights as they performed the first Live At Dingwall’s session for us, lead singer Brad Simpson revealed the band’s plans to ask the Thinking Out Loud&nbsp;star to join forces for a track on the follow-up to their debut Meet The Vamps.
Brad said: “Ed Sheeran was always a band favourite.

“We would love to do something with him in collaborative terms.
“We tweet him a lot and he is a really nice guy so we’ll have to see what happens with the second album. It would be fun. He’s a talented dude.”
The Vamps are back in a big way with their latest single Oh Cecilia (Breaking My Heart) featuring Shawn Mendes, out today.
A video and iTunes version of the Simon and Garfunkel song features top YouTubers Caspar Lee, Joe Sugg and more and benefits the Teenage Cancer Trust charity.
 
“It’s always been a very important charity for us since day one,” Brad explained.
“The first show we did in London was in aid of Teenage Cancer Trust.
“For us to be a part of it and support it in any way is an honour.
“We got a few YouTubers on board to do a version with them.”

Brad added: “The Simon and Garfunkel version is brilliant.
“It’s hard to put your own twist on songs like that because it is going to be Marmite. People are either going to love it or hate it.
“Hopefully it’s a good take on the song. We did it in a feel-good way. It has an acoustic feel just like Simon and Garfunkel and hopefully people will enjoy it.”
Drummer Tristan Evans added: “We’ve always liked that song because our parents used to play it.
“We recorded the song in New York and we had the idea of having loads of YouTubers on the video and it has gone down well.
“We started off on YouTube so we know some of the YouTubers and hang out sometimes.
“It was a no-brainer to get them involved – they are really nice guys.
“They sang it all at a convention in London and we had it recorded and mixed it ourselves.”
The Vamps will open their new UK tour at the SSE Hydro on April 18, with tickets going on sale at 10am on Saturday, October 18.
Test your knowledge with today's entertainment quiz:

Brad said: “We have the arena tour that we’ve just announced and we’re coming back to Glasgow.
“We always love playing here. It’s my favourite place to play and it’s good to get the chance to play headline shows here. We can’t wait.”
While the band are set to play the biggest shows of their career, they took the time out to play a tiny one - the first Live At Dingwall’s session.
For a chance to check out the footage from their exclusive session, visit www.sundaymail.co.uk/liveatdingwalls
Tristan said: “I have cousins from Scotland and Connor is from Scotland so it is always like playing a home show when we get here.”
He added: “Before The Vamps, we were all in bands and did pub tours.
“We’d turn up and nobody was there. Those times were funny.
“When you are playing a stadium it is overwhelming and looks like a green screen.
“It’s hard to take in and it’s weird. We love it, obviously. But I get the same feeling playing to 30 people or 30,000. We just love to play.”
More than 30million people have viewed The Vamps’ video for their single Somebody To You featuring Demi Lovato and 25million have watched Can We Dance.
Yet Tristan says it’s still possible to have a normal life.
He said: “It’s very different when we are on our own.
“When we are walking around individually at home, we don’t get spotted at all, but when we are all&nbsp;together with an entourage it goes crazy.
“We have to have security on hotel floors because people find out what room number we are in.
“It seems like a major operation for four normal guys.”
 