Comedian believes Ha Ha Hamilton festival will be good for the town. HA HA Hamilton: Hardeep Singh Kohli says culture helps civilisation - Daily Record Hardeep Singh Kohli believes the Ha Ha Hamilton comedy festival will be good for the town – because it will help to cement a cultural identify for the area.
And the 45-year-old star says he’s proud to be involved in the festival, because Hamilton and Lanarkshire has such a proud heritage.
Hardeep’s background is a somewhat unusual one: he did a law degree at Glasgow University and has since been involved in radio, television and newspapers, both as a hard-hitting reporter and columnist, before branching out into comedy.
He admits the festival is something that could be good for his career as much as anything else, but is delighted to be involved.
He said: “I moved back to Scotland last year so I was keen to do more touring and this is quite a new-ish festival. It’s close enough to home, and I’m keen to support Hamilton, having been aware of the town.
“When I did my legal degree there was a famous legal case that I studied. I know folk from Hamilton, Uddingston, Bothwell and places like that.
“Hamilton had a proud history, but when a lot of the industry was taken out of Scotland, Hamilton seemed to suffer more than most.
“Playing in Hamilton is such an honour. It has such good history, both politically and socially.
“Lanarkshire is a place I like, and I feel that I should be doing gigs here because it means so much to me. I get to do jokes about Hamilton in Hamilton, and I think that’s great. It’s good to have cultural empathy because it’s good for the identification of a town and the people – without culture there is no civilisation.”
Like many who are involved in Ha Ha Hamilton, Hardeep feels that smaller festivals are good for comedy in Scotland, and for the towns involved.
He said: “There are festivals in places like Falkirk and Hamilton. There is a big festival in Glasgow, and it’s massive in Edinburgh, but I feel that there it’s not really for Scots, while this definitely is.
“There’s something about coming to folk in Hamilton, rather than making people come to you, that I really quite like.
“Places like The Stand have about 200 folk, and there are bigger spaces – and that’s fine for certain levels – but a festival like this is better for people who are breaking through.
“There are some catastrophically funny folk in this area, and you can see what something like this means to them. There is always space to break through, and it’s about taking the opportunity.
“I liked doing the Funny in Falkirk festival. My boy was born in Falkirk, so it mattered a lot to me. What I realised doing that was that for a lot of people in the audience, that was the first time they had been in those buildings that they had walked past so many times, and I think it will be the same for a few people in Hamilton, too.
“If you give people a brochure with six or seven different locations, it allows them to look at a town in a different way.
“When I played Falkirk or Grangemouth I had people coming up to me and saying, ‘Why would you come here’ and the answer is because I like doing things like that. Glasgow and Edinburgh are bigger, but it’s great to know that, 12 miles away, there’s something a bit different.”
Hardeep hopes Ha Ha Hamilton becomes a success, and a regular festival, but says it’s up to the people of Hamilton.
He said: “I think in places like Hamilton it’s about folk making it a success. For me this isn’t just a date when I’m doing a show – it’s terribly important to me. It’s near where I grew up, I know the area quite well, but this is something I’m making a living out of as well – it isn’t just out the goodness of my heart that I’m doing this. It’s a career.
“If the people of Hamilton invest in this then it will only get bigger and attract bigger acts. I hope this is the first of many Ha Ha Hamilton festivals, and I will come back every year if I’m invited to – I might not even need to be invited!
“I will come back, because I think it is always important to support places like Hamilton.”
Hardeep Singh Kohli: Hardeep Is Your Love comes to Hamilton Palace on Saturday, October 18, at 7.30pm. Tickets costing &pound;10 are available from www.haha-hamilton.com, and tickets are available from some venues.
 