Dumbarton goalkeeper Danny Rogers saved a penalty against Hibernian to help his side extend their unbeaten run to six matches.   Dumbarton goalkeeper Danny Rogers saved a penalty against Hibernian to help his side extend their unbeaten run to six matches. 
 Liam Craig and David Gray went close for Hibs before Jason Cummings lashed a great chance over the bar. 
 The Sons keeper then saved Dominique Malonga's spot-kick after the Hibs star was downed in the box. 
 Rogers denied Craig and Paul Hanlon as Dumbarton held on, leaving Hibs 14 points behind league leaders Hearts. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Hibernian 0, Dumbarton 0. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Hibernian 0, Dumbarton 0. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Danny Rogers. 
 Attempt saved. Matthew Kennedy (Hibernian) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Paul Hanlon (Hibernian) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Mark McLaughlin replaces Scott Agnew. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Jordan Kirkpatrick. 
 Attempt saved. Paul Hanlon (Hibernian) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top right corner. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Danny Rogers. 
  Booking  Scott Linton (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card. 
 David Gray (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Scott Linton (Dumbarton). 
 Hand ball by Jason Cummings (Hibernian). 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Andy Graham. 
 Attempt blocked. Jason Cummings (Hibernian) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Andy Graham. 
 Attempt blocked. Jason Cummings (Hibernian) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is blocked. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Jordan Kirkpatrick. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Mark Gilhaney. 
 Foul by Scott Allan (Hibernian). 
 Andy Graham (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Mark Oxley. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Hibernian. Scott Allan replaces Liam Craig. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Archie Campbell replaces Garry Fleming. 
 Attempt missed. Colin Nish (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Scott Linton. 
  Booking  Scott Robertson (Hibernian) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Scott Robertson (Hibernian). 
 Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Kieran MacDonald replaces Mitchel Megginson. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Hibernian. Paul Heffernan replaces Dominique Malonga. 
 Foul by Jason Cummings (Hibernian). 
 David van Zanten (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Booking  Jason Cummings (Hibernian) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by David Gray (Hibernian). 
 Scott Linton (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Attempt saved. Liam Craig (Hibernian) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Liam Craig (Hibernian). 
 Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Jason Cummings (Hibernian) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Foul by David Gray (Hibernian). 
 Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Colin Nish (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Hibernian. Matthew Kennedy replaces Liam Fontaine because of an injury. 
 Attempt saved. Dominique Malonga (Hibernian) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Paul Hanlon (Hibernian) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Booking  Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Lewis Stevenson (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton). 
 Foul by Paul Hanlon (Hibernian). 
 Scott Agnew (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
   Second Half begins Hibernian 0, Dumbarton 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Hibernian 0, Dumbarton 0. 
 Attempt missed. Jordan Forster (Hibernian) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Andy Graham. 
  Booking  Dominique Malonga (Hibernian) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Dominique Malonga (Hibernian). 
 Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Attempt saved. Jason Cummings (Hibernian) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Booking  Andy Graham (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Penalty saved! Dominique Malonga (Hibernian) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity, right footed shot saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Penalty Hibernian. Dominique Malonga draws a foul in the penalty area. 
 Penalty conceded by Scott Taggart (Dumbarton) after a foul in the penalty area. 
 Foul by David Gray (Hibernian). 
 Scott Linton (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Liam Craig (Hibernian) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Mitchel Megginson. 
 Attempt blocked. David Gray (Hibernian) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Foul by Dominique Malonga (Hibernian). 
 Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Jordan Kirkpatrick. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Scott Linton. 
 Attempt missed. Jason Cummings (Hibernian) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Colin Nish (Dumbarton) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Liam Craig (Hibernian) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt saved. Lewis Stevenson (Hibernian) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Danny Rogers. 
 Attempt saved. Dylan McGeouch (Hibernian) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Jordan Forster. 
 Foul by Jordan Forster (Hibernian). 
 Colin Nish (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Jason Cummings (Hibernian) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by Jordan Kirkpatrick. 
 Attempt saved. Lewis Stevenson (Hibernian) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Jason Cummings (Hibernian) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Jordan Forster (Hibernian) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, Hibernian. Conceded by David van Zanten. 
 Attempt missed. David Gray (Hibernian) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Foul by David Gray (Hibernian). 
 Colin Nish (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Booking  Scott Agnew (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Mark Oxley. 
 Attempt saved. Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt saved. Liam Craig (Hibernian) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Dylan McGeouch (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Scott Taggart (Dumbarton). 
 Attempt saved. Jason Cummings (Hibernian) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Colin Nish (Dumbarton). 
 Jordan Forster (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Liam Fontaine (Hibernian). 
 Colin Nish (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Jordan Forster (Hibernian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton). 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 