PROSECUTORS investigating fraudster Barry Hughes have uncovered his £10million expenditure in a bid to seize cash from the shamed boxing promotor. Fraudster Barry Hughes' £10million spending splurge revealed as prosecutors demand the mortgage cheat pay £1.2million to the court - Daily Record A BID to seize cash from fraudster Barry Hughes has stalled as teams of accountants scrutinise &pound;10million of spending.
Prosecutors want the father of five to pay up &pound;1.2million under Proceeds of Crime proceedings that were launched after he was convicted of mortgage fraud.
A confiscation hearing called at Glasgow Sheriff Court on Tuesday but was knocked on for at least six months as complex negotiations into the shamed boxing promoter’s finances continue.
Advocate Mark Moir, representing Hughes, told the court: “This is what might be described as an enormous Proceeds of Crime case.
“There is expenditure of &pound;9.6million involved.

“All parties have accountants working on it – and there is no prospect they are going to be finished in the near future.”
It’s understood the figure relates to Hughes’s business and personal activities over the past six years, in line with Proceeds of Crime legislation.
The 35-year-old and his wife Jacqueline were charged with lying about earnings to obtain mortgages for homes in Kilmacolm and Bridge of Weir in Renfrewshire.
Pregnant Jacqueline walked free but Hughes, who also has convictions for assault and carrying a knife, admitted fraud in February.
Boxing tycoon Barry Hughes had previously been given &pound;33,000 in legal aid to fight mortgage fraud charges.
He netted sums of &pound;429,955 and &pound;858,000 after lying on mortgage applications in 2004 and 2006.
Hughes also admitted two money laundering charges – for receiving &pound;128,885 after selling the first property and spending &pound;30,000 on a Rolex watch.
In March, he was sent down for 43 months. But he was freed after 19 days pending an appeal.
Hughes’s sentence was quashed in July and he was instead fined &pound;45,000.
The Crown Office said his Proceeds of Crime case will next call on February 9.
 