IT'S believed the machete thug was targeting a gangland rival but shot at the wrong house at an estate in Edinburgh. Runaway prisoner Jonathan Kelly linked with bungled gangland gun attack on innocent family home - Daily Record RUNAWAY prisoner Jonathan Kelly has been linked with a bungled gun attack on a family home.
It’s believed the machete thug was targeting a gangland rival but shot at the wrong house at an estate in Edinburgh.
The innocent family inside were left fearing for their lives after their young daughter was showered in glass during the incident on Friday night.
His target is thought to live just a few doors along in the same street.
A team of police have been searching the area for clues.
 

Kelly – who’s now Scotland’s most wanted man – was released from Lowmoss Prison near Glasgow on August 10 under strict licence conditions.
Police say has been “unlawfully at large” since September 10.
It’s believed he cut off his electronic tag.

Officers have said he is no danger to the public but before the gun attack in Edinburgh Kelly was at the centre of an armed siege in Glasgow last month.
Armed police responded to a reported sighting of him and sealed off part of Boyd Street in the city’s Crosshill area as they searched the area without success.
Kelly, 33, of Carolside Drive, Drumchapel, was jailed for three years in 2002 for leaving a victim paralysed in a vicious machete attack.
On Thursday police put out another appeal for him to come forward and have a dedicated team looking for him.
Kelly is described as white, 5ft 9 ins tall, with a heavy build and short brown hair.
Police say he shouldn’t be approached.

Speaking during his fresh appeal this week, Detective Superintendent Stevie Grant, of Greater Glasgow division CID said: “To Mr Kelly, I would like to say, please get in touch with us. You may feel that you have been portrayed incorrectly recently however you have this opportunity to set the record straight. You can contact myself directly on the incident room number which is 0141 532 3616 or you can contact us via a third party you trust.”
Any sightings can be reported to police on 101 or by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
 