CRAIG McFarlane has raised over £70,000 for children's charity Kiltwalk. Now the Scot is planning his biggest challenge yet, scaling Mount Everest. Kiltwalk fundraiser vows to pipe his way around world to raise money for some of Scotland's most vulnerable children - Daily Record STANDING proudly at the highest point of Mount Kilimanjaro, exhausted from altitude sickness, Craig McFarlane was determined to play his favourite tune on his bagpipes.
The inspirational Scot has vowed to pipe his way around the world to raise money for some of the country’s most vulnerable kids.
Craig, 41, from Glasgow, has already raised more than &pound;70,000 with his adventures, which include walking the Great Wall of China and scaling Machu Picchu in Peru.
The kind-hearted hero is already planning his biggest challenge to date – climbing Everest in aid of Scots charity Kiltwalk.
The Sunday Mail, Daily Record and our sister weekly papers are media partners for the fun fundraisers raising a fortune for good causes including our Centenary Fund, supporting some of Scotland’s most-deserving charities.
Craig said: “Piping The Crags of Tumbledown Mountain 19,341ft above sea level was no mean feat. I was exhausted from the climb but my challenge wasn’t over until I played at the top.
“I guess not many people can say they carried bagpipes all the way up Mount Kilimanjaro in Africa but that’s exactly what I did.
“I had no idea how tough it would be and, by the time I reached the top, I could hardly breathe, let alone play a tune.
“Looking down at the landscape was incredible and knowing the money raised is going to help children who really need it most makes it all worthwhile.”
Craig, who regularly busks around Glasgow, got involved with Kiltwalk four years ago. After completing the walk from Glasgow to Loch Lomond, he decided to give their tough overseas Kilt Treks a go.

Despite busking being his only income, Craig has always managed to raise cash through sponsorship and fund his way on the overseas trips.
He said: “Being involved in the Kiltwalk has been amazing and I’ve always used my piping to help with charity efforts.
“My treks overseas have been a dream come true and it’s a very sobering experience to see the poverty that still exists in small villages in rural China, Africa and Peru.
“It’s been an eye-opener and I was lucky enough to meet some kind people who have very little, yet offered me food and help with the walk.
“It was very humbling and I’ll never forget meeting schoolchildren in Tanzania who were fascinated with my bagpipes, which they kept asking me to play over and over again.
“I’ve also been lucky enough to teach a young disadvantaged Peruvian boy how to play the pipes. He was very good.
“Taking my pipes on my travels helps to break down a lot of communication barriers in poor rural areas.
“They always get people talking – that and the fact that I do the entire trek dressed in my kilt always seems to get a few laughs.” Craig was inspired to take part after hearing some of the heartbreaking stories of the families who rely on vital funds raised by the Kiltwalk charity.
After completing the 26-mile walk from Glasgow to Loch Lomond, Craig was invited to become the charity’s piper and played his biggest gig earlier this year, helping to pipe out more than 5000 Kiltwalkers from the SSE Hydro on the Glasgow 2014 Kiltwalk.
He added: “It was an incredible experience and I’ve never seen so many people come together for such a great cause.
“I played some of my favourite songs including Flower of Scotland, which helped spur folk on.
“It’s heartbreaking seeing the personal battle some people go through, especially those affected by childhood illness.
“But it’s also incredible hearing the stories of youngsters who have battled against the odds and won.
“I can’t imagine what it must be like to care for a terminally ill child and that’s why I try to push myself to complete the Kiltwalk overseas treks as I know the money goes to kids who need it most.
“You have to fill your life with worthwhile things and the Kiltwalk is the best I’ve found, other than piping. If I can combine the two and help the best I can, I’ll always be back.”
Craig, who learned to play bagpipes aged nine, is already raising funds for a trip to Everest Base Camp. The climb is one of the most famous in the world – and one of the most challenging.

At Kala Pattar, the highest point of the trek at 5545m, Craig and a team of 25 fundraisers will be rewarded with stunning views of Everest, the Khumbu Icefall and the Pumori mountains.
Craig added: “I think it is going to be the toughest one yet because weather conditions are extreme and I’m not looking forward to the freezing cold.
“I’ll have to start some serious training soon. I learned the hard way on my first trek to the Great Wall of China two years ago that training is very important. We have to cover a lot of ground in a tight timeframe.
“We were walking 10 hours a day covering a total of 90 miles and I ended up with purple legs and huge blisters on my feet. I was barely able to walk by the end but the scenery and people were amazing.
“On our way to Mount Kilimanjaro last year, we were able to stop off at a few local villages and I was telling one of the guides that I planned to carry my pipes up with me.
“He looked at me and said, ‘Climbing Kilimanjaro is hard enough without carrying bagpipes up too.’
“I explained that I made a promise to help raise money and that includes playing my bagpipes at the end of every challenge.
“He thought it was a great idea but he was right – carrying the extra weight of the pipes on top of my kit wasn’t easy. Still, I managed to do it and that’s what matters most.
“Machu Picchu in Peru was tricky because the terrain was very rugged and we had to walk through rain and snow.
“The weather was unforgiving and that made the walk much more difficult. One minute we were walking through a snow storm and the next we would be in a semi-tropic climate.
“I’ve never experienced anything like it. But playing my pipes at Machu Picchu made all the effort worthwhile.
“I don’t have any plans to stop walking – and the Kiltwalk and I are especially well suited.
“I’m hoping to pipe my way around the world while raising money for charity.”
 