ROY Keane has revealed how he got revenge on Sir Alex Ferguson by letting his Celtic team-mates mess up a Manchester United club car Keane let Celtic team-mates trash Man Utd club car ROY Keane has revealed how he got revenge on Sir Alex Ferguson by letting his Celtic team-mates mess up a Manchester United club car.

The fiery star refused to hand back the flash Audi A8 after Ferguson fell out with him and told him his time at Old Trafford was up.
But when he signed for Celtic Keane allowed players to pile into the motor covered in mud on drives back from the club’s old Barrowfield training ground in Glasgow’s east end.
Keane, 43, told in his new autobiography The Second Half how he didn’t return the car for three months after leaving United.
He said: “You’d get changed at Celtic Park and you’d get in your car and drive to the training ground up the road. It’s different now but this was when I played.
“The biggest challenge was whose car were we going in. We’d be sitting in the dressing room and someone would say: ‘Whose turn is it?’
“Because after training you’d have to drive back and nine time out of ten the rain was p****** down so a gang of players would be getting in your car, covered in muck.
“I enjoyed that, the bit of banter. You would hear things like ‘Listen lads, I’ve a Bentley. Nobody’s getting into it with their f****** boots on.
“I had the United car for the first few weeks so I invited everyone into the back of it, boots as well.
“I got to know the lads in the car. I’d go with Dion Dublin, or Stiliyan Petrov. We’d only be in the car for five minutes but we’d have the crack.”
The Irishman also told how he secretly moved to the west end of Glasgow during his six-month spell with the Parkhead club.
He had been advised to live in Edinburgh to stop himself being caught up in the Old Firm goldfish bowl after signing in December, 2005.
But he told how he decided to live secretly in Glasgow as the long drives to his hotel suite in the Capital were hurting his injured hip.
He said: “People had advised me to stay in Edinburgh - ‘Live in Edinburgh, keep away from all the hassle’. Rangers fans, even Celtic fans.
“It made sense. I’d have more privacy. But really I should have stayed in Glasgow.
“My hip was screaming and after the first day I thought ‘I have a 45 minute drive the next morning, maybe an hour, back to the training ground. I better leave a bit earlier, I’ll hardly be able to drive.’
“It was my own fault. Nobody had forced me to stay in Edinburgh.
“Later on I rented a small flat in the west end of Glasgow and it was fine.
“I ended up leasing a Golf, to keep my own car clean but mostly so I could get around discreetly in Glasgow.”
 