Entertainment choice influences Tam's venues for a night out. HA HA Hamilton: Tam Cowan laments lack of more local entertainment - Daily Record Tam Cowan admits his astonishment that events like the Ha Ha Hamilton comedy festival aren’t more frequent in Lanarkshire – because the area has a lot to offer.
All-rounder Cowan, whose many strings to his bow includes comedy, radio, football punditry, restaurant reviews and after-dinner speaking, plays Hamilton Palace on Sunday, October 19, as part of the festival.
Tam says that what entertainment is on offer influences his choice of venues for a night out, and reckons people in the local area are just the same.
While he sees a lot of events advertised for Motherwell Civic Centre, Cowan is surprised that there doesn’t seem to be the same choice in Hamilton.
He said: “I’m a firm believer, from all my years of going out, that anywhere that has entertainment is always a lure, even if it’s just a sing-song or something like that.
“It’s always better than staring at your pint or talking about the same old stuff, so anywhere with that is great.”
Tam added: “It has astonished me in the past that there hasn’t been more things like this.
“The Civic Centre in Motherwell has a lot of great things on, and there are places like The Stand and Jongleurs, but when it’s on your doorstep you tend to overlook it.
“I live in Glasgow, but I’m back in Motherwell about three times a week and when you’re at the Strathclyde Park crossroads you can see on the billboards what is coming up, and there are some good acts there, so you hope a lot of folk turn out.
“I hope that’s the case for this show.”
Tam was delighted to be approached to be part of the Ha Ha Hamilton comedy festival, and is looking forward to unleashing his ascerbic wit on a local crowd.
He said: “The organiser of the show, Dougie Jackson, got in touch with me.
“He had seen me doing a show elsewhere and I’ve done plenty of shows like that.
“He asked if I fancied it and I thought, ‘Why not?’ I’m over in Hamilton three times a week anyway, so I might as well.
“I’m not really up to speed with Ha Ha Hamilton, to be honest, but I fancied the idea of it, particularly since I’m from Motherwell.
“I was born in Hamilton, and I socialise in Hamilton.
“I have plenty of mates over there, and I take my dad to the Victoria Bar in Quarry Street for the sing-song practically every Monday afternoon, so the first half-hour will be local stuff.”
Tam is looking forward to the festival and believes it gives the people of Hamilton a good option.
He said: “It’s great that people can get comedy without having to go to places like Glasgow and Edinburgh, and it’s good to get folk out and about, because it can be difficult to drag them away from their TV.
“There are a lot of events at the Ha Ha Hamilton festival, so hopefully people feel that there’s something for everybody.
“I’ve always done stand-up and I’ve done tours in theatres and a lot of local stuff, including after-dinner, so that keeps you on your toes.
“This is a situation where it’s a town I know well, it’s in front of a local crowd, and I’m looking forward to it.”
Tam Cowan plays Hamilton Palace on Sunday, October 19, as part of the Ha Ha Hamilton festival.
The show starts at 7.30pm and tickets priced &pound;12/&pound;10 are available from www. haha-hamilton.com.
Tickets for the festival are also available directly from some venues.
 