A SEA of Saltires took over Glasgow's George Square as an estimated 7000 people turned out for the Hope Over Fear rally, led by Solidarity Scotland co-convenor Tommy Sheridan. Hope Over Fear Rally: Thousands gather in George Square for pro-independence demonstration - Daily Record THOUSANDS packed into the heart of Glasgow today for a demonstration in support of Scottish independence.
A festival atmosphere and a forest of Saltires took over George Square as an estimated 7000 people attended the Hope Over Fear rally, the socialist independence campaign.
Led by Solidarity Scotland co-convenor Tommy Sheridan, the five-hour event saw speeches from actors Paul Brannigan, Martin Compston and Keira Lucchesi, alongside social campaigners such as Denis Curran of foodbank Loaves and Fishes.
Sweet Sixteen actor Compston said the turnout proved Scottish people would no longer “be lied to” in regards to unionist parties’ promise for more powers for Holyrood.
He added: “We were promised substantial change, and we demand that substantial change, because 45 per cent wanted complete change and the vast majority of the 55 want something substantial.”
Musical entertainment onstage and off, fairground rides and children’s face painting were organised and while there was also a foodbank collection.
Glaswegian William Thomson, 49, attended after seeing the event advertised on social media.
The security guard, who says he voted yes for his grandchildren’s future, said: “I think there’ll be another referendum by 2020, so we need to keep working on those who voted No with events like today.

While 13,000 said they would attend on social media, police estimated that between 6000 and 7000 people were in attendance in George Square, with no arrests.
Joanne Clunie, a volunteer with pro-independence group Freedom Convoy, said the event served to keep enthusiasm in the independence camp alive.
The 54-year-old, from Beith, said: “The 45 per cent will not give up, we will keep going and it’s more than 45 per cent now, especially with the Government backing down on all the promises.
“We can not settle for less than independence, and things like today help show people that we will not give up, we will not go away, we are here to stay.”
However some in attendance accused former MSP Sheridan, who&nbsp; was jailed in 2011 after being found guilty of lying under oath about visiting swingers’ clubs, of using the independence movement to rehabilitate his own political career.
Social campaigner Sean Clerkin said: “Tommy Sheridan is cynically using the desire for independence to further himself.
“Today’s event does not represent the true grassroots Yes movement.”
Former Scottish Socialist Party colleagues of Sheridan who stayed in the SSP when he set up his Solidarity party boycotted the event.
 