JIM Thomson penned the heart-rending letter to his daughter Leigh which we publish today and said: "Your illness meant things were just beyond your control. I just hope that lessons can be learned from your situation." Dad's heartbreaking letter to dead daughter who drank herself to death at just 24 as he calls for radical change to alcohol laws - Daily Record AN ambitious Scots science student who dreamed of travelling the world drank herself to death at just 24.
Leigh Thomson’s grieving dad Jim is now calling for laws to prevent similar tragedies as the number of young people abusing alcohol soars.
Leigh, who died from alcohol-related liver disease, is one of the youngest people in the UK to be killed by drink.
She had dreamed of working as a scientist after being accepted to study biochemistry at college.
She volunteered for the Red Cross and was a member of the Girls’ Brigade, as well as being a star pupil who passed five Highers.
But her addiction to drink led her to consume three litres of cheap cider a day for seven years – despite having already seen alcohol kill her mum in 2009 at just 42.
She was unable to take up her college place and lost her job as a carer.
Dad-of-three Jim, from Cambuslang, near Glasgow, has written a poignant letter to his dead daughter, which he asked the Record to publish in the hope of preventing other young people losing their lives.
In it, he writes:
DEAR Leigh,
We are all so sorry to have lost you - especially at such a young age. We think of you each and every day. A father should never outlive his daughter - it’s not the way things are supposed to be.
We lost you in August - you would have been 25 soon, your birthday is on Halloween. I know I won’t see you again although I still cannot quite believe it. Your absence leaves a hole that cannot be filled.
You were a bright, bubbly girl with so much life and love in you. You had the world at your feet. You wanted to go to America, travel on Route 66 and chill out in Hawaii but it was not to be.
I know you tried so hard to stay with us. Your illness meant things were just beyond your control. I just hope that lessons can be learned from your situation. If even one person gets help after this, then your loss has not been in vain.
You had so much to offer but you will live on in our hearts. I will always love you, wherever you are and wherever I am.
Love forever,Dad.
 

Jim also called for a US-style ban on alcohol sales to under-21s and action on budget booze.
He said: “Leigh was a fantastic lassie. She was intelligent, lively, interesting, articulate. Everything that you could ask for in a daughter. It’s hard to think she is gone.”
Leigh was also a secret drinker who hid her addiction so well that it only reached professional attention when she was 22.

She was so jaundiced she could no longer continue to deny her condition to family GP Dr Richard Watson.
She confessed to him last year she had been drinking three litres of strong cider every day for the past seven years. It adds up to 161 units of alcohol a week, while the recommended limit for women is 14.
Jim, a carer for adults with learning disabilities, had no idea there was a problem until she was 19 when he found her passed out. He was at her bedside when she died in August.
Jim said: “It troubled me that Leigh was able to get access to alcohol so easily at the age of 19 and 20.
“Why not have an American-style law whereby you can’t buy alcohol until you are 21? At 18, you are not exactly responsible or mature.
“They should also have minimum pricing. Kids would probably still buy cheap wine or cider but they wouldn’t be able to afford three or four bottles at a time as they do now.
“The alcohol industry has a moral responsibility to do something about the carnage wreaked by alcohol.”
Jim said even seeing her mum die young did not help Leigh stop drinking – and nor did attempts by him and others to advise and counsel her.
He said: “Leigh had a compulsion to keep drinking. She saw what it did to her mother yet she just could not control it.
“It’s clear there was no element of choice – she could not stop herself. She knew it was killing her and yet she kept on drinking. It shows that people do not choose to be that way.
“Leigh didn’t come from a dysfunctional home, far from it. She would never get falling down drunk, You could tell she had been drinking but she could still have a coherent conversation.
“She didn’t want people thinking she was a jakey. She never got drunk in public. She’d take a bottle to her room and not bother anyone. She’d get up in the morning, put on make-up and look immaculate.
 

“I took her to Alcoholics Anonymous and various meetings. Reformed alcoholics I knew came and talked to her.
“The minister spoke to her and it worked, but only for so long. She would swell up. Her skin would go yellow and her eyes would be bloodshot.
“She would get admitted to hospital and they’d keep her in for three or four weeks ... then she’d be out the door.
“Nothing was on offer from the health service but I don’t suppose she told them the truth. She was really ashamed of her drinking.”
The night before Leigh died, Jim asked her if she had had a drink when he came home from work.
He said: “She replied, ‘Aye. I know you’re disappointed, Dad. But don’t get angry.’
“I said I wasn’t angry at her but at her illness and what it was taking away from her. She was crying and she said, ‘You know I don’t want to be like this, Dad.’
“I gave her a kiss and a cuddle and she went to her room.”
The next day, Leigh was rushed to hospital, calling for her mum and struggling to breathe.
Jim asked a member of Al-Anon to speak at Leigh’s funeral. He said: “I wanted to be upfront. I wasn’t ashamed of her. Because of the stigma, people want to hush it up, but that doesn’t do any good.”
Dr Peter Rice, of Scottish Health Action on Alcohol Problems, said there was a case to be made for a higher age limit for drink.
He said: “There is increasing recognition the development of the adolescent brain takes longer than previously thought, extending into the early 20s.
“There are arguments that exposure of the immature brain to alcohol may be particularly harmful and should be delayed as long as possible.”
LEIGH Thomson’s tragic death highlights the changing face of alcohol abuse in Scotland, a campaigner said yesterday.
Victims of conditions such as cirrhosis and liver failure were mainly men in their 50s a few decades ago.
But the conditions are being seen more and more in the young.
Alcohol Focus Scotland chief executive Evelyn Gillan said: “Why are we seeing such a tragic case of a 24-year-old woman dying when that was unknown 30 years ago?
“The truth is our drinking habits have changed phenomenally.
“We have seen a proliferation of places that sell alcohol and the price dropping dramatically.
“Even though alcohol consumption has levelled off in recent years, we are still drinking twice as much as we were 30 years ago.
“We have kids starting drinking at 13 and 14, people drinking regularly and the normalisation of drunkenness. When it’s cheap and easy to get, people are going to drink more.
“Any doctor working in a liver ward will tell you the biggest change they see is the demographics. “The age demographics have come down dramatically in the last few decades.”
Gillan added: “Alcohol is linked to over 60 diseases, there is not an organ in the body that alcohol doesn’t affect.
“There is more and more evidence building up showing the harmful impact, and even as little as one glass of wine a day can increase a woman’s risk of breast cancer.
“We have lots of knowledge of just how toxic the product is and what it does to our bodies.
“The harm can be acute in terms of short-term accidents, road traffic incidents, violence or long- term chronic health issues such as liver disease.”
 