IN a second extract from his book, writer Tom Miller looks back on the life and times of a footballing genius. How Slim Jim Baxter became the King of Glasgow - with glory days on the pitch and long nights off it - Daily Record WHEN Jimmy Baxter arrived in Glasgow, it was the start of the Swinging Sixties. He was young, single and had money in his pocket.
Life was for living and he was without a care in the world – he just wanted to play football. Give me the ball, was all he asked.
He had been elevated to superstar status, living a life that was light years away from his humble Fife roots.

Glasgow was the big city. It presented opportunities to party and drink every night of the week, if he was so inclined, and Baxter accepted every such opportunity.
Ian McMillan was a huge fan of Baxter as a teammate but he couldn’t believe the life his star midfield partner was living off the field. McMillan, who doubled as a full-time quantity surveyor the whole time he played for Rangers, is still bemused as to how Baxter got away with it.
 

He recalls: “I would turn up for the game on a Saturday and Jim would come in, clearly the worse for wear after a night on the tiles, but he still delivered the goods in the 90 minutes.”
McMillan goes on: “It was even suggested on one occasion that he had been arrested the night before a home game at Ibrox and had spent the night in the cells, but Mr Symon just turned a blind eye and stuck with his usual team talk of just give the ball to Jim and that was a huge frustration for others, trainer Davie Kinnear and Harold Davis in particular.
“More often than not, Jim was still reeking of booze but even the club captain at the time, Bobby Shearer, gave up on lecturing him about his errant ways, as he knew he was just wasting his breath.”&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 

Harold Davis was appalled at how Baxter conducted his life. “Jim would come in and the smell of drink on his breath was obvious, even only a couple of hours before a match. You just knew he had been out all night on another bender. How did he get away with it? Well, he was Symon’s blue-eyed boy.”
The St Enoch Hotel was Baxter’s regular haunt and he treated it as if it was his own private drinking club. Many late nights and early-morning sessions saw huge bills for the best of caviar, smoked salmon, Havana cigars, Bacardi, champagne and cases of beer routed to Rangers Football Club and not all carried the J.B. signature.
Sometimes he would sign it in the name of a teammate. Davy Wilson was one whose autograph Baxter had perfected and his name was used to authorise many expensive party purchases, while in reality he was leading a strict teetotal lifestyle, which he continues to this day.
Despite Baxter racking up a host of similar bills, most of which carried his own signature of approval, “Wilsongate” was investigated by manager Symon.
While the others had been totally ignored and the accounts settled, Davy Wilson was told that he was to pay for the lot from his wages. Wilson was horrified. “I didn’t drink and everybody knew who the real culprit was but it took a bit of convincing before Symon told me to have a word with Jim.”
Willie Henderson remembers those days well: “Jimmy treated the St Enoch Hotel as if it were his own house and the staff loved him.
 

“There was a Polish waiter and he was like Jimmy’s personal butler.”
Baxter was a betting man and had been from his days in the Institute card room back in Hill of Beath. Now living in Glasgow, a host of wider betting options were open to him. He was a member of most of the Glasgow gambling clubs and was a regular visitor to the Queens Club and the Chevalier Casino.
Billy McNeill recalls one particular evening when Baxter was lucky: “We were due to head off with Scotland for a tour that involved games in Norway, Spain and Ireland, and the squad was to assemble at the North British Hotel in Glasgow.
“Rooms were available for those that needed them on the night before we were supposed to meet. I wasn’t married and just lived at Bellshill but Jimmy insisted that I should come into town and have a ‘wee night out’.
“I should have known better. Jimmy didn’t do ‘wee nights’. Anyway, we had something to eat and then moved on to one of Jimmy’s regular haunts, which was a private club near Central Station.
“I’m no gambling expert and just watched but Jimmy was having a lucky night and he had a pile of chips in front of him at the card table.
“When he cashed up to go back to our hotel, the chips turned into &pound;2000. That was a lot of money in those days.
“We were away the next day and Jimmy just gave me his winnings and asked me to keep them for him. When we came back, Jimmy took his winnings and headed back to the same club.
“Unbelievably, within half an hour, it was gone. Two thousand pounds gone. Jimmy wasn’t bothered – ‘Easy come, easy go.’”
On another trip to Spain with Rangers in 1963 after losing 6-0 to Real Madrid, Baxter was around &pound;5000 in front in the casino of the team’s hotel. When it was announced that the casino was closing for the night, he wagered and lost the lot on the last spin of the roulette wheel.
The star flew back to Glasgow the next day more annoyed about the drubbing from Real than losing a fortune in the casino.
Baxter was most definitely a man about town, living a life of luxury. He had no regard for Rangers dress code, which was a policy of shirt and tie, even when reporting for training.
Rangers were the establishment club and the players were expected to be ambassadors. But Baxter would regularly turn up for training in a casual sports shirt and slacks.
Invariably, trainer Davie Kinnear would ban him from training but he was more than happy to accept such punishment.
For Baxter, the transfer had been an awakening. He was quoted at the time as saying: “You trained from 10 until 12 noon and that was your day’s work over. After that, you could choose from drinking, betting, golfing, snooker or sh*****g. Hey, some days you could do all five if you wanted.”
Yes, Glasgow belonged to Jim Baxter. He knew how to make the most of it.

 