AN ANTI-DRUGS campaigner has been targeted by hooded thugs who threw heavy stones through her living room window which could have killed her grandson. Thugs who threw heavy stones through my living room window could have killed grandson, 3 AN ANTI-DRUGS campaigner has been targeted by hooded thugs who threw heavy stones through her living room window which could have killed her grandson.But Sharon Craig insists nothing will stop her battling for a better community.Sharon, 50, from the Craigneuk area of Airdrie, Lanarkshire, chairwoman of the local tenants' and residents' association and community council, has been fighting to rid the area of drugs with Airdrie councillor Michael Coyle for years.And recently the pair were behind a memorial garden for young people who have died through drugs in the area.The mum of four and grandmother of eight called police when her front window was smashed in by thugs who threw huge coping stones at around 1.30am on Thursday.The stones landed on the couch where her grandson Reagan, 3, had lain less than an hour earlier.She hit out: &quot;They could have killed my wee grandson because that's where the stone landed and all the glass. He had been sleeping on the couch 40 minutes earlier before I carried him up to bed.&quot;It's a terrible thing that has happened and when I heard the crash and went downstairs I saw them and just froze.&quot;But I won't be intimidate by anybody. I have fought for years to make a better community for us and I won't give up now.&quot;People were sick of this life of finding needles and families wrecked. Families here are not willing to put up with it any more. It affects everybody in the community. You've got people terrified, families have been devastated.&quot;I am still going to speak up, I'm not going to back down. There are more good people in this community than bad and it's worth fighting for.&quot;In the past thugs have branded Sharon a &quot;grass&quot; and spray painted abuse about her on shop fronts.She added: &quot;I'm no grass but if they want me to be a grass I'll become one and the police will be going through a hell of a lot more doors up here. That is being totally honest because I know who's doing what.&quot;Mr Coyle praised Sharon for her work.He said: &quot;We've just got a memorial garden put in for all the kids that have died through the misuse of drugs.&quot;Sharon is a victim now. This cannot go on. If that coping stone had been thrown through her window less than an hour earlier this would have been a murder story right now.&quot;They are despicable scum of the earth doing this against someone who only tries to do good in the community. It's shocking.&quot;A Police Scotland spokesman said: &quot;Inquiries are ongoing. Police now have a positive line of inquiry.&quot;janice.burns@eveningtimes.co.uk 