THE legacy of Martyn Bennett is to be honoured at the opening of one of the nation’s biggest music festivals Celtic Connections to honour Martyn Bennett Sponsored by
THE legacy of Martyn Bennett is to be honoured at the opening of one of the nation’s biggest music festivals.

Celtic Connections have chosen to revive the final album of the ground-breaking musician, who died of cancer aged 33, at its flagship opening gala.
A 75-strong orchestra, hand-picked for the occasion, will stage the lavish tribute to Bennett - a hugely acclaimed performer, composer and producer - in January, shortly before the 10th anniversary of his death.
• Keep up to date with all aspects of Scottish life with The Scotsman iPhone app, completely free to download and use.
Bennett - is regarded as one of Scotland’s leading musical talents of the 1990s - who famously famously fused club culture and dance music of the time with traditional melodies and instruments.
His last album Grit, made when he was seriously ill, is hailed by many critics as his best work for the way he combined renditions of largely-forgotten traditional songs with his own ground-breaking sound.
The album, released on Peter Gabriel’s own record label, was released less than two years before Bennett died, in 2005, during that year’s Celtic Connections.
Now the festival, where Bennett performed live a number of times during the event’s early years, will open with a one-off performance, masterminded by leading violinist Greg Lawson.
He told The Scotsman: “Grit was totally different from anything he had produced beforehand.
“It wasn’t an album that was made to please anyone. It was a statement about tradition and that it shouldn’t be seen as a black and white photograph.
“For him to take those songs and mix them with those great bit dirty grooves was such a contrast. It was extraordinary, but it was only possible because he respected and understood both.
“I’m so excited, because I’ve been thinking about this show for around nine years, but I’m just so afraid. I’ve never been so scared of anything in my life. I just thought I had to do it next year or I was never going to do it.
“I’m picking all the players myself, everyone is getting sent the album and that’s their homework. I’ve told them they’ve got to get it in their blood.”
Donald Shaw, the festival’s artistic director, said: “I’ve known that this show was in Greg’s head and we’ve actually spoken about it a lot over the years. 
“It’s going to be a bit like unstitching a jacket when it comes to Martyn’s album. It will all come down to a melody or a song, and it will build up from there. That’s really what Martyn himself did - he was always looking for those moments to create his records.
“I don’t think he saw himself as a maverick in the way that other people did. He didn’t see what he was doing as particularly surprising.
“Most of the time I was making music, there was always a sense of looking behind you to see what your parents, and other generations, thought about what you were doing. 
“Martyn was one of the first people to discard those shackles. It was a brave thing to make music for an audience that didn’t necessarily exist.”
Bennett, born in Canada but brought up in the Highlands from the age of six by his folk singer mother Margaret, was the first traditional musician to win a coveted place at the City of Edinburgh Music School and was also a gifted student at the RSAMD, in Glasgow, where - unknown to his tutors - he visited traditional music sessions. 
He later developed an interest in electronic music and after buying a keyboard, sampler and mixing desk, began to make a name for himself with his own solo live performances. 
The piper and fiddler recorded his acclaimed debut in just seven days and quickly landed headline slots at Celtic Connections and Edinburgh’s Hogmanay party. He also performed at the world premiere of Mel Gibson’s Braveheart at Stirling Castle and had a piece of music played at the opening of the Scottish Parliament in 1999. 
However towards the end of the following year he was diagnosed with cancer for the second time and never toured again.
Lawson, principal second violinist with the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra, added: “I was a mate of Martyn’s, I must have met him for the first time when he was only around 16 when I had just moved to Edinburgh from the north-east of England.
“He was brilliant even then, people forget now how good a musician he was. At the time he was considering whether to go to the RSAMD in Glasgow. I actually remember telling him not to go, but he was full of optimism.
“You meet people in life that you know you’re immediately connected to. I think he was one of those people to many different people.
“One of the reasons I’m doing this is because I missed a lot of my time with him. I should have spent more time with him, but you don’t know when someone is going to go.”
The Celtic Connections gala will be staged less than a year after the premiere of a new stage show inspired by the life and legacy of Bennett, which coincided with the re-release of the album Grit and was also one of the flagship projects in the Commonwealth Games culture programme.
BJ Stewart, spokesman for the Martyn Bennett Trust, set up by his friends and family to continue his musical legacy, said: “The Celtic Connections show is obviously a pretty major under-taking, but it’s really exciting as it will be doing something totally new, while also putting Martyn’s music really out there.
“Other than Martyn playing himself, there’s never been a performance of his music on anything like this scale before. It’s going to be massive.”
The live performance of Martyn Bennett’s Grit will open the Celtic Connections festival on 15 January.
 