THE man who was travelling on a KLM flight from Amsterdam was taken from the plane after saying he felt unwell. Glasgow Airport caught up in Ebola scare after passenger complains of feeling unwell - Daily Record  SCOTS passengers arriving on a flight from Amsterdam were caught up in an Ebola scare on Tuesday– before it was ruled out as a routine check. 
Health officials removed a man from a KLM plane at Glasgow Airport just before 1pm after he complained of feeling ill.
Passengers were kept onboard for half an hour as doctors checked him over.
Despite passengers’ fears the plane was in quarantined, airport authorities quickly ruled out any link with the deadly Ebola virus.
All passengers – including the sick man – were then released.
Scottish hospital chiefs plan to fly Ebola victims south in the event of an outbreak
NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde said Public Health Protection Unit were called to the scene.
A spokeswoman said: “We can confirm that the person involved did not show signs of infectious disease, and has been allowed to continue their journey, with advice to see their own GP regards a chronic medical condition.
“Due to patient confidentiality we are unable to provide further details.”
An airport spokesman said: “There was no Ebola and no plane was quarantined at any time.
“A passenger arriving on a KLM flight from Amsterdam complained of feeling unwell. He was met by airport health doctor on arrival as a precautionary measure.
“As per standard procedure they asked passengers to stay on board as the doctor attended and checked the passenger.
“All passengers the disembarked and continued with their journal as normal, including the man who was feeling unwell.”
He added: “They remained on the aircraft for no more than 30 minutes.”
A Police Scotland spokeswoman said: “Just after 1pm, police were called to Glasgow Aiport to assist partner agencies following the grounding of a plane which arrived from Amsterdam.”
Health officials began screening passengers arriving at London’s Heathrow airport from Ebola-affected countries.
The government said “a few passengers” had their temperatures checked and filled in a health questionnaire at Terminal 1.
 