LUCY, 25, who came runner-up on Britain's Got Talent this year, said a shared love of music has helped her rebuild a relationship with her estranged dad, Robert. Scots-based classical singer Lucy Kay tells how being reunited with estranged dad tops her achievements on Britain's Got Talent - Daily Record SHE'S a gorgeous brunette with the voice of Katherine Jenkins and the glamour of Dita Von Teese.
Her first album Fantasia has been No1 in the classical chart for two weeks , she’s beaten Angelina Jolie in a sexiness poll and Simon Cowell says she has changed his life.
But of all the great things that have happened since classical singer Lucy Kay came runner-up on Britain’s Got Talent this year, one is more precious than any – a 16-word text message from her estranged dad.
Lucy, 25, who lives in Glasgow with music roadie boyfriend David Sandford, 34, said: “My dad texted me and said, ‘I’ve got your album and I’m listening to it right now. I’m so proud of you.’”
The words may be simple but, for Lucy, their significance was huge.
After her father Robert Allen, 62, left home when she was a child, she lost all confidence, finding solace only in the soothing sounds of Charlotte Church.
But while the Voice of an Angel inspired her career, her passion for classical music and desperate need “to find someone to love me back” made her easy prey for school bullies.
One day, when she was aged 11 and scarred by cigarette burns, she told her mum she “just wanted to disappear”.
As a teenager, Lucy moved from Nottingham to Scotland and her mum Glenis bought her singing lessons .
She won a place at Glasgow’s Royal Conservatoire of Scotland five years ago and turned her life around.
When she saw her father at her grandad’s funeral last year, he apologised for missing so much of her childhood.
But since the ITV1 show, they have bonded over their shared love of music.
Now, Lucy has invited him to watch her sing live during her UK tour with BGT winners Collabro.
She said: “When his father died, it made my dad see there’s more to life than gallivanting.
“He realised how much he missed us all. But all this with my music has made us even closer. He’s watched my TV shows and can’t wait to see me on tour.
“He told me he’s sorry he wasn’t there when I was going through a hard time but there’s nothing to be sorry about.
“It hurt me at the time and I took it very personally but now I totally get it.”
Lucy added: “Every night on tour will be emotional because I’m doing something I’ve always dreamed of. But when I get to share that with my family, and especially my dad, there will be a lot of tears backstage.”
After sharing some of her bullying ordeal on BGT, she was accused of peddling a sob story for votes.
She said it felt like “being bullied all over again” but then started getting messages from fellow victims.
Lucy added: “A girl of 14 sent me a picture of her freshly cut wrists. I burst into tears. I got so many pictures of children with scars.
“Until you’ve been bullied like that, you have absolutely no idea what it’s like.”
 

She is involved in the anti-bullying work of the Diana Award, honouring the late princess. And in her own life, she makes it clear she’s done with being pushed around.
Neither Cowell nor her record label can make the leather-jacketed singer do anything she doesn’t want to.
Flashing her Lara Stone-style tooth gap, she said: “It was suggested I get veneers. I refused. I hate my teeth but if I had them done, I’d become some&shy;one else and not me. Imperfections make you.
“It was also suggested I leave Scotland and move to London. I said, ‘No’ again. I don’t want the temptation of the parties and that lifestyle. I don’t want to lose who I am.
“People lose themselves and want to look perfect all the time. Then that’s what people think they should look like – big boobs, skinny, the Towie look.
“I eat crap all the time and drink Guinness. I want to be an ambassador for all of those people that don’t feel like they fit in.”
Since June, her golden voice and Jessica Rabbit curves have graced Samuel L Jackson’s One for the Boys prostate cancer ball and a Royal Albert Hall show with her idol Jenkins. And she was the surprise guest at Cowell’s 55th birthday bash last month.
She said: “I couldn’t believe I was there, singing Nessun Dorma. It was so intimate. Cheryl Fernandez-Versini was cuddling her husband in front of me and looking an absolute goddess.
“Simon was beaming. I told him he’d changed my life and he said, ‘No, Lucy, you’ve changed mine’. I’m not sure how but I’m not complaining.
“It was only when I left I thought, ‘Should I have got him a card or something?’ But he’s got all the money in the world and I’m still shopping in Lidl.”
 

Lucy has been with David for two years and they have just moved in together and got a “tester baby” – a boxer dog called Maisie.
Lucy said: “We’ve talked engagement. After BGT, he gave me this beautiful pearl and diamond ring. I was like, ‘Is that..?’ and he said, ‘Not yet’. That was awkward. He doesn’t want people to think he did it because of the show – maybe in a couple of years’ time.”
Ludy met David when she was outside a bar crying. He mended her heart after her boyfriend had cheated on her with a close friend and now he’s keeping her grounded.
Odds are open on next year’s FHM Sexiest Woman award and Lucy is fancied to win more than both Pippa Middleton and Angelina Jolie.
She said: “According to David, I’m not sexy. He raves over my photoshoots and I say, ‘That’s what you’ve got at home, you don’t appreciate it.’”
 