Latest ONS figures for period June to August suggest unemployment rate in Scotland now 5.5%, below the UK as a whole rate of 6% Unemployment in Scotland down by 'record' 40,000 Unemployment in Scotland down by 'record' 40,000 - Daily Record Unemployment in Scotland is reported to have fallen by a 'record' 40,000 in the period June to August, official figures suggest.
The figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) show 151,000 people were out of work in Scotland at the end of the quarter, taking Scotland's unemployment rate to 5.5 per cent against the six per cent rate reported for the UK as a whole.
The fall in unemployment in Scotland is reported to be the sharpest since records began. 
The rate of employment in Scotland also rose by 35,000 on the previous quarter to 2,611,000 – and by up 52,000 year on year - taking the employment rate in Scotland to 73.9 per cent against 73 per cent for the UK as a whole.
However, the number of Scots out of work and claiming jobseeker's allowance rose by 300 from August to 91,100 in September - though the number of claimants is down 30,500 on September 2013, the ONS figures show.
Figures also released today suggest Scottish GDP grew by 0.9 per cent in the second quarter of 2014 and increased by 2.6 per cent on an annual basis, based on growth over four quarters against four previous quarters.
First Minister Alex Salmond welcomed the figures as he addressed the Scottish Trades Union Congress (STUC) conference in Glasgow this morning.
He said: &quot;In the midst of referendum campaigning, employment rose by 35,000 in Scotland, to reach almost 74 per cent; while unemployment fell by 40,000 - the largest quarterly fall since records began.
&quot;In the months running up to the referendum, Scotland's economy was powering forward, with this April - June quarter showing the fastest annual growth in GDP since late 2007.
&quot;In other words, political confidence and economic confidence go hand in hand. There is no trade-off between democratic participation and real economic growth.
&quot;As the Scottish economy grows our task is to ensure that everyone is able to benefit from that economic success.
&quot;With discussion on further powers for the Scottish Parliament now taking place it is essential that we have the full tools we need to support employment opportunities for everyone in Scotland.”
Commenting on the latest figures, Andy Willox, the Federation of Small Businesses’ (FSB) Scottish policy convenor, said: “Today’s publications are great news for Scotland’s small business community.
“It is important to remember that every growing Scottish business will have had a role to play in the fall in joblessness and the growth in production.
“Despite these impressive figures, there’s a huge job to do to rehabilitate many local Scottish economies.
“As many argue about the Scotland they want to see, we cannot underestimate the potential of small enterprise.
“Further, FSB figures show Scottish small business confidence cooling slightly in the third quarter of this year. We must continue to work hard to keep up this encouraging trend.”
&nbsp;
 