DAVE Brown was driving home with girlfriend Marguerita Vonral when he suddenly stopped breathing. He died minutes later as she desperately tried to revive him. Naked Butler Dave drops dead in front of fiancee after winning his first UK bodybuilding championship - Daily Record A naked butler collapsed and died in front of his fiancee after winning his first UK bodybuilding championship.
Dave Brown, 32, who showed off his six-pack while serving nibbles at thousands of functions and hen nights, died after lifting the Miami Pro UK championship.
He was driving home with girlfriend Marguerita Vonral when he suddenly stopped breathing. He died minutes later as she desperately tried to revive him.
Yesterday, Marguerita told of her heartbreak at watching Glaswegian Dave die and how they had planned their whole life together.
She said: “It was an absolute magical day for us. I’ve never seen Dave so truly happy with where he was at in life and he was so excited and encouraged by everyone’s messages of support and congratulations.

“He was coming home a champ and we had big plans and all the usual wee ones.”
Recalling how she tried desperately to save her lover’s life after he took ill in the car, she said: “We were driving home and Dave was chatting away to me – no complaint of feeling sore or sick or in pain.
“We were still talking about his win. It was around 12:30am, he hadn’t long eaten and we were excited tobe getting home to our dog Odin, trophies in tow.
“It was so quick but it seemed like it was slow motion. He was immediately unconscious and struggling to breathe.
“I did my best but I couldn’t save him and when the paramedics took over they worked for 45 minutes trying to bring him back because he was so young, fit and healthy and his heart had been kept stimulated.
“Heartbreakingly, my Dave didn’t pull through and I still don’t know the actual cause.
“All I know that I can share is I was there with him the entire time. There was no warning and it was over very quickly.”
Marguerita believes Dave’s death had nothing to do with the contest he took part in. She said: “Already I’ve heard some say, ‘Oh, the competition took too much out of him’ .
“That’s not at all the case. People compete all the time and are fine.
“He would not want anyone thinking that and I believe this was something more, something that was going to happen anyway.
“He only had a regular heart running a superhuman body.”
  &nbsp;
Marguerita admitted she is lost without Dave and said she is doing her utmost to follow his positive philosophy in life.
She explained: “He meant everything to me – and he knew that. There’s nothing I feel he wasn’t aware of in the hours before he left me.
“We told each other we loved one another, we talked about how the three of us were a family and I told him he always had huge potential in everything he did. He knew I was super proud of him, he knew his friends and family were proud of him and he was delighted and humbled by everyone’s messages of support.
“Dave inspired so many people to get into fitness and he was really over the moon at this win. It meant big things for him.
“We were going to get married as soon as possible. I’m devastated and so is everyone that knew Dave.
“I couldn’t have been more proud of him and everything he achieved, not just for winning but just for who he was, for how he shared it with me and Odin – and he knew that.
“He honestly made my life. I’d never met anyone like Dave and I know everyone says that about their partner but I’m not glamourising it. We never argued, we were always together and I know I’ll never experience a love like it again. I was so lucky to have found him.”
Before the event on Sunday, Dave – a personal trainer and founding memberof the Man Candy Butlers – had thanked friends who wished him well. He told them: “Thank you everyone but the real inspiration for me was Marguerita Vonral. She believed in me and she entered me.
“I would never have taken the steps required to do something like this. It’s having Mags behind me that’s important to me, not standing on stage and placing or winning.
“It’s all about the journey to get there for me and I wouldn’t be making this journey if it wasn’t for my rock! Love u babe!! You did this!!”
Dave was thrilled about winning the competition in St Albans, Hertfordshire, and earning his WBFF pro card – confirming his status in the bodybuilding world.
And as news broke of his death yesterday, tributes to him poured in on social media.
Friends posted pictures of Dave on their Facebook pages and Gary Gunning – his best pal who worked with him on the hen party circuit – said: “No words can describe this tragedy.
“For anyone who knows him, I think you’ll agree he was a total one-off.” Another friend wrote: “I’m gonna miss that wee cheeky grin of his. Great guy!”
A third added: “Dave had that knack of lighting up a room with his fun, infectious yet caring personality. He will be missed.
“Thoughts are with his family and friends at this tragic time.”
Club Noir, where Dave had worked in a burlesque act, also paid tribute to him online with club promoter Tina Warren changing her profile picture to include him.
 