Weir said the deal, for Shanghai-based Trio's crushing and separation equipment business, will extend its product portfolio for mining customers Weir Group buys Chinese mining services firm in £138m deal Weir Group buys Chinese mining services firm in £138m deal - Daily Record Glasgow-based specialist pump manufacturer Weir Group has acquired Chinese-American mining services firm Trio Engineered Products in a deal worth $220 million (&pound;138 million).
Weir said the deal, for Shanghai-based Trio's crushing and separation equipment business, will extend its product portfolio for mining customers.
The transaction, agreed with majority owner Navis Capital and Trio's management team, will be funded from existing bank facilities.
Integration costs are expected to be around $10 million (&pound;6.3 million).
Weir Group, a global market leader in pumping equipment to the mining mill circuit, which separates rock from ore, said the Trio acquisition “will build upon Weir’s recent successful entry into the adjacent comminution segment of the mill circuit”.
Trio, which also has operations in the US, is expected to generate revenues of around $120 million (&pound;75.3 million) and operating profit margins “broadly in-line with Weir’s Minerals division”.
The deal is expected to complete by the end of October, and three of Trio's founders will remain with the company after the deal completes.
Weir Group chief executive, Keith Cochrane, said: &quot;This agreement will allow Weir Minerals to build upon its successful comminution strategy.
“We’ll use our group’s unrivalled global capability to promote Trio’s range of complementary products, extending our addressable market and offering our mining customers a wider range of highly engineered equipment and services.
“Trio’s established manufacturing capability and its scale and presence in aggregates markets also provides a further platform for growth.&quot;
Mike Burke, chief executive of Trio, added: &quot;This agreement is strategically compelling for Trio, allowing the company to leverage Weir’s market-leading service centre network to accelerate growth and better serve our customers’ aftermarket needs on a truly global basis.”
Weir walked away from a proposed &pound;3.66 billion bid for Finnish rock crushing group Metso in May after its enhanced bid was rejected.
It then set its sights on smaller Finnish rival Outotec, though that deal was dependent upon the Helsinki-listed mining group offloading its industrial water treatment business.
 