The 11-year-old was diagnosed with type one diabetes after crashing in the emergency room last year Kilmarnock youngster completes first run in aid of charity a year after she was moments from death - Daily Record A brave Kilmarnock youngster has completed her first run in aid of charity, a year after she was just minutes from death.
Last year, Becky Neilson was rushed to Crosshouse Hospital by her parents, Andrew and Arlene after her health deteriorated unexpectedly.
The 11-year-old was diagnosed with type one diabetes after crashing in the emergency room – but things could have been fatal for Becky if she had waited for an ambulance.
The Grange Academy pupil was confined to her bed, complaining of feeling unwell. Checking on her daughter, Arlene, 46, saw that she looked gaunt, with drawn in cheeks and a protruding jaw and front teeth.
She called NHS 24 for guidance, but was told none of Becky’s symptoms were of concern. As the day went on, Becky’s breathing deteriorated, becoming rapid and deep.
Calling NHS 24 for a second time, Arlene was told to take Becky to hospital immediately – and it was lucky she did.
She told the Standard: “She nearly died. We got her to hospital and we were in with the doctors – the next thing I knew she crashed. We got rushed out and she was being resuscitated.
“The consultant told us if we had waited on an ambulance coming she wouldn’t have made it.”
Doctors were unsure what was actually wrong with Becky, with initial diagnoses suggesting a sickness bug. However, one pediatric consultant knew exactly what was wrong.
“He came in, took one look at her and said ‘give that girl insulin’,”Arlene told us.
What actually happened was that Becky had suffered a diabetic ketoacidosis, which happens when there is a severe lack of insulin in the body. That means the body can’t use glucose for energy, instead breaking down other body tissue to fuel itself.
The diagnosis came as a shock to the family, with neither Andrew, Arlene or Becky’s brother, Brad affected by the condition – no one on either side of the family has the condition either.
Arlene added: “I know now there were signs that should have been picked up but weren’t. She was drinking and going to the toilet a lot more, but we thought that was just to do with the weather, because it was summer and a lot hotter.
“It was a real shock when we heard the diagnosis. I was quite ignorant before it, but we can’t be now. It’s life changing.
“It affects everything from diet to routine. But she’s done well to adapt
and we’re very proud of her and her friend Natalie. Her wee pal was devastated when she heard the news – she was so upset she had been on holiday at the time and wasn’t there for Becky.”
Now Becky, her family, and friends want to highlight the condition and help Diabetes UK – the charity that helps people manage their diabetes, providing information, advice and support.
That saw Becky and her friend, Natalie Sharp take part in this year’s Great Scottish Run with a two-and-a-half kilometre run in Glasgow.
But while Natalie shows her athleticism regularly as a member of the Kilmarnock Harriers, it was a far cry from the usual activity for dance and musical theatre enthusiast, Becky.
She told us: “It was really hard – there were tonnes of hills and I had to walk quite a lot. If I could have managed it, it would have been good to run the whole way. But I really enjoyed it and I’m thinking of doing it next year to raise more money for Diabetes UK.”
Becky and Natalie also raised money for diabetes charity JDRF.
As well as offering information and advice, the charity also funds pioneering research into care, cure and prevention of the condition – help that is vital for families like Becky’s.
Becky only went on to her insulin pump last week, which makes her achievement even greater. The portable device is attached to Becky’s body, delivering constant amounts of rapid or short acting insulin via a catheter under her skin. Before that she needed insulin injections four times a day.
 Of her hospital horror, Arlene said: “That was heartbreaking – it was so unexpected. It was chaos – one minute we arrived at hospital then she was in resuss and had all these people working on her. She said her first memory of  waking up was someone thumping on her chest.” 
 