YOUNG people with a range of disabilities have been encouraged to take up sport through SDS schemes. Para athlete heroes get set to find the sporting stars of tomorrow with Scottish Disability Sport - Daily Record PARA athlete stars Aileen Neilson and Martin Perry are teaming up with Scottish Disability Sport to help find the next generation of athletes.
The drive to find the next generation of disabled sport stars is being fronted by some of the 22 ‘Team Scotland’ para athletes who competed at Glasgow 2014 in a wide range of sports – with a more athletes, personal bests and medals won than ever before.
In a bid to build on the legacy of the Commonwealth Games, SDS is providing local branches across Scotland to give access to a range of sporting opportunities. The extension of the Disability Inclusion Training programme will improve the quality of PE for disabled children.
Gavin Macleod, Chief Executive Officer of Scottish Disability Sport said: &quot;Glasgow 2014 demonstrated just how much sporting skill and ambition there is amongst Scotland’s disabled communities and we want to take a message of encouragement and inspiration to give sport a go – across all sports, age groups and parts of the country.&quot;
He added: &quot;The SDS Branch and Regional Manager network with their coaches, training and events has uncovered some of Scotland’s leading para sports stars, many of whom had no idea of their talent and potential at the beginning of their sporting journey. So we’d urge everyone to come along to one of our development days, ask at their local sports club or check out our website for information and ideas about how to get involved.&quot;
 

Scottish para athletes Martin Perry, Aileen Neilson, Jo Butterfield, Ron McArthur, Meggan Dawson-Farrell, Lewis Clow and Billy Allan are supporting the campaign and are appearing in short films telling their stories.
Wheelchair racer, Meggan Dawson-Farrell, 22, reached the Glasgow 2014 finals and is now aiming for a podium place at Rio 2016.
She said: &quot;I tried out at a sports camp run by the Spina Bifida organisation when I was 16 and everything started from there. I now train twice a day, six days a week and last year I came first in the Glasgow Great Women’s 10k, and took 2 gold and 1 silver medal at the Scottish Senior Championships. I was also so proud and happy to be part of the team at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow. The team spirit was brilliant and it just goes to show that it’s important to take opportunities when they come your way.&quot;
She added: &quot;Scottish Disability Sport has given me support along the way with things like competition attendance and I now love to go into schools to talk to young people and really encourage them to give sport a go.&quot;
Table Tennis champion and triple amputee, Martin Perry, 20, from Paisley, said: &quot;I was 16 when my mum persuaded me to stop lazing about the house and attend a SDS summer camp. I did everything from archery to basketball and on the last day I had a go at table tennis. I was rubbish, but four years later I have five international medals and I’ve played as part of Team GB all over the world. &quot;SDS is fantastic at what it does, supporting athletes with everything from training and funding to psychology services. I’d encourage all young people to get out there and give sport a go because it opens up so much opportunity.&quot;
Scottish Disability Sport is the Scottish governing and coordinating body of all sports for disabled children, athletes and players of all ages. It is committed to broadening the range of available sports options for disabled individuals of all abilities in Scotland and is responsible for creating sport specific pathways to help them achieve their goals.
Further information on training, courses and development days can be found at www.scottishdisabilitysport.com

 