THE way has been cleared for Nicola Sturgeon to become Scotland's first female First Minister. Nicola Sturgeon to become Scotland's first female First Minister THE way has been cleared for Nicola Sturgeon to become Scotland's first female First Minister.The Glasgow Southside MSP was confirmed as the only candidate to replace Alex Salmond when he steps down next month.SNP National Secretary Patrick Grady made the announcement on Wednesday morning. Mr Grady also confirmed that three nominations have been received for the post of Deputy Leader.The candidates are: Keith Brown, MSP for Clackmannanshire &amp; Dunblane, and Scottish Government Minister for Transport &amp; Veterans. Angela Constance, MSP for Almond Valley, and Scottish Government Cabinet Secretary for Training, Youth &amp; Women’s Employment. Stewart Hosie, MP for Dundee East, and Deputy Leader of the SNP Westminster Group and party Treasury Spokesperson.A vote will take place and the result will be declared at SNP conference on November 14, when the new Leader and Depute Leader will assume their posts. SNP Business Convener Derek Mackay MSP said: “I am delighted that Nicola Sturgeon will succeed Alex Salmond as Leader of the SNP.&quot;She will be a fantastic new leader of both the party and our country. She will build on the substantial legacy and extraordinary achievements of Alex Salmond as the longest serving First Minister, and make her own mark as she leads Scotland forward. “I am also delighted that there is a choice of three top quality candidates for the post of depute leader. “The party is in great heart and relishing the opportunities ahead. We enjoy a lead in voting intentions for both the next Westminster and Holyrood elections, with a record number of members bringing new energy, commitment and enthusiasm to our ranks. “Where there was deep disappointment at not winning the referendum, there is now a real focus on ensuring that Westminster delivers on its Vow to deliver extensive new powers for Scotland, so that we can build a fairer and more prosperous country.&nbsp; 