PUPILS from Glasgow schools went to Poland for the annual Lessons From Auschwitz tour to learn the about the horrors of the Holocaust. Holocaust Educational Trust take Glasgow pupils to Auschwitz-Birkenau to learn lessons of Nazi horror - Daily Record WHEN Glasgow sixth year pupils arrived in Poland for the Lessons From Auschwitz tour, it was a sunny crisp autumn day, at odds with the death camp’s dark history.
The annual trip with the Holocaust Education Trust brings together pupils from schools across the country, who visit the Nazi extermination camps and pass on lessons about their experiences in their schools and communities when they return home.
It was a heavy day of reflection for the 250 teenagers.
The first stop was the village Oswiecim near the death camps. Sixty per cent of the population was Jewish before the Holocaust.
Today, the students are told, there are no Jews living there - a statistic which brings a chill to the bone.
It is easy to modify the Holocaust to an isolated incident of death and destruction. What is harder to imagine is the lives of those killed, a whole thriving community wiped out in a handful of years.
In Auschwitz I, the group were shown the barracks. Inside display cabinets were filled to the brim of the inmates’ possessions seized from their hands as they entered the camps – spectacles, shoes, hairbrushes – everyday human items.
The most disturbing image is the 8ft of human hair, which is piled high in one glass case. The hair represents the last shreds of dignity that were shaved from millions of women.
Saffron Dickson, 16, from Bellahouston Academy, said: “You can look at as many statistics you want but every number is a person, a human life, and every person is someone’s child.
“What bought it home for me was seeing my family name on a suitcase. You can’t prepare for that.”

Keiran O’Neill, 16, from St Thomas Aquinas School, said: “It’s pretty raw to say the least.
“It’s hard to imagine how human beings could do this to other people. One of the suitcases had my little brother’s birthday on it, which is in the next couple of days.”
If Auschwitz I is about what you see, then Birkenau is about what you don’t see.
The remnants of the gas chambers, laid bare and empty makes the place feel less like a museum, more a barren graveyard.
Train tracks stop halfway through the camp – nowhere to escape, no hope to cling to. Standing close to the tracks, group educator Emma McKean gave a testimony from Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel as he parted from his mother forever.
In his words: “An SS man ...gave the order: ‘Men to the left. Women to the right.’ Eight words spoken quietly, indifferently, without emotion. Yet that was the moment when I parted from my mother. I had not had time to think, but already I felt the pressure of my father’s hand: we were alone.”
The day ended with a passionate speech by Rabbi Barry Marcus, the founder of the Lessons From Auschwitz trips.
He told the group that to remember every one of the six million people that were killed, they would have to stand in silence for two years.
“It is a blight on humanity,” he shouted. Every visitor quietly lit a candle.

Reflecting on the day, Liam Forrester, 17, from St Margaret Mary’s Secondary School, said: “I didn’t know what to expect.
“It wasn’t what everyone said it would be. I didn’t fully understand what everyone was talking about, why it was so chilling or why it was so upsetting.
“There’s a lot of facts and figures but the main thing I’ve learnt is that these people were real people who lived real lives. Some of them even paid for a ticket because they were promised a better life.”
Megan Duffy, 16, from St Margaret Mary’s Secondary School summed up the purpose of the trip, which sees more than 500 young ambassadors make the 1000-mile journey to Poland each year.
She said: “I’ve seen pictures but it’s not until you’re here and you see other people’s reactions that you understand.”
● For more information on the trip, visit www.het.org.uk.
 