ARTHUR ROBERTS, who grew up in Tradeston, chronicled his time fighting at the front. His diaries were recovered and now form the basis for As Good As Any Man: Scotland's Black Tommy. Black World War I era soldier honoured in new book after lost diaries found in Glasgow attic - Daily Record ONE of the few black soldiers from Glasgow who fought in World  War I has been immortalised in a  new book.
As Good As Any Man: Scotland’s Black Tommy tells the story of Arthur Roberts, who dodged death in the trenches of France during the Great War.
The book was written mainly from his diaries, which were uncovered in an attic in Mount Vernon six years ago – nearly a century after they were written.
Arthur, who was brought up in the city’s Tradeston, was the son of Afro-Caribbean ship steward David Roberts and West Country woman Laura Dann. He volunteered for the front and served with the King’s Own Scottish Borderers and the Royal Scots Fusiliers in 1917 and 1918.
He survived the Battle of Passchendaele, where thousands of Allied soldiers were killed.
And he escaped unscathed when a German shell killed a dozen men around him.
Co-author Morag Miller began researching the amazing tale of Arthur’s life after her son discovered his diaries and sketches of the front, while clearing out the attic of the house he had just bought.
 

Retired Morag, 69, said delving into Arthur’s past was an enormous task.
He added: “We feel we know him, like he’s part of the family, like he’s my uncle. Reading his diaries transports you back to time.”
After the attic find,the family managed to trace some of Arthur’s distant relatives.
Some of his wartime mementos are now in a regimental museum.
But Morag wanted to make sure his story reached a wider audience.
Arthur went to Finnieston Primary and continued his learning at Kent Road Public School until he was 18.
His grasp of the French language proved handy while he was serving there.
One of the few black soldiers serving in Scottish regiments, Arthur’s diaries indicate he was well-liked by his comrades, with little experience of racism.
He returned to Tradeston, which he wrote of as a tolerant and cosmopolitan place, became a marine engineer and went om to marry his sweetheart Jessie.
 

He died in a city nursing home in 1982, aged 85.
 