WITH Scotland able to set its own tax rates for the first time in more than 300 years, HUMZA YOUSAF is confident that a better Scotland is within reach. Humza Yousaf: SNP Government budget will protect services with historic ability to set own tax rates and create a more prosperous Scotland - Humza Yousaf - Daily Record A HISTORIC budget speech was made last week in the Scottish Parliament.
The Cabinet Secretary for Finance John Swinney announced that for the first time since 1706, Scotland will be able to set its own tax rates.
The budget also set out the Scottish Government’s plans to make Scotland a more prosperous country while tackling inequality and protecting and reforming public services.
The first tax rates which will be set by the Scottish Parliament are the Scottish Landfill Tax and Land and Buildings Transaction Tax.
The Land and Buildings Transaction Tax, which will replace stamp duty, will introduce a progressive system by reducing or removing the tax paid on properties at the lower end of the market.
People will not pay tax on properties costing less than &pound;135,000, helping first-time buyers. In fact, 90 per cent of home buyers will either pay less or be no worse off as a result of the changes we have made. Those who may have to pay slightly more are the people that can afford to.
The Cabinet Secretary for Finance also announced a &pound;72.8million boost to the housing sector in Glasgow as part of an extra &pound;125million boost to housing across Scotland to allow the Scottish Government to build even more new, affordable homes in Scotland.
By investing in housing we can boost the economy, tackle inequality and support Scotland’s vibrant communities.
People in Glasgow will also benefit from the Scottish Government’s continuing commitment to the social wage, meaning people will still be helped by the freeze in council tax, free prescriptions, free school meals as well as the actions the Scottish Government are taking to mitigate the most harmful impacts of the UK Government’s welfare reforms such as the Bedroom Tax.
The Scottish Government have also committed &pound;500 million over 20 years to the Glasgow Clyde Valley City Deal – part of a &pound;1.13 billion infrastructure investment expected to deliver around 29,000 jobs.
The total health budget in Scotland will pass &pound;12billion for the first time, the highest level ever.
This will see frontline NHS budgets rise by 2.2 per cent as well as an increase in funds to complete the New South Glasgow Hospitals project. It will also allow the health service will remain in public hands and free at the point of use.
This week the UK Parliament voted in favour of formally recognising the State of Palestine.
My SNP MP colleagues voted in favour of the motion, reflecting the Scottish Government’s support for formal recognition.
I wrote to the UK Government in advance to urge them to formally recognise the State of Palestine and to upgrade the political representation of Palestine in the UK to a fully functioning embassy.
The Scottish Government would welcome the opening of a Palestinian Consulate in Scotland.
We fully support on-going efforts to bring about a viable two-state solution and we continue to believe in the need for both sides to demonstrate willingness to reach a meaningful long-lasting agreement.
I was proud to support Breast Cancer Campaign’s flagship fundraiser, Wear it Pink day, by sporting a fetching pink boa and moustache alongside my colleague Fiona Hyslop MSP in the Scottish Parliament.
Wear it Pink day on Friday, October 24 is a chance for people to find fun and stylish ways to wear pink in the office, at home or at school, while raising money to fund lifesaving breast cancer research and more effective treatments.
Each year in Scotland more than 4500 women are diagnosed with breast cancer. Sadly, more than 1000 women die from this disease each year.
I hope you will all join me by wearing it pink on Friday, October 24, and showing your support for breast cancer research.
 