TENS of thousands of new recruits to the party will get the chance to hear their incoming leader's plans at six events including a 12,000-capacity gig at The Hydro. First Minister in-waiting Nicola Sturgeon to go on tour across Scotland to rally new influx of SNP supporters - Daily Record NICOLA Sturgeon is set to embark on a tour of Scotland to rally the tens of thousands of SNP members who joined the party since the referendum.
The six dates – which will include a 12,000-capacity gig at the SSE Hydro in Glasgow – were announced yesterday as the Deputy First Minister was confirmed as the only candidate to replace Alex Salmond as party leader and First Minister.
Sturgeon has urged each new member to bring along a friend who hasn’t yet joined the SNP in the hope that the events will help to swell the party ranks even further.

Membership has rocketed from about 25,000 to more than 80,000 since the No vote on September 18.
Sturgeon will take her message to Edinburgh’s Corn Exchange on October 29 before heading to Dumfries, Dundee, Inverness, Glasgow and Aberdeen.
She will also hold a Facebook Q&amp;A on November 11 to reach out to new members in other areas of the country.

Sturgeon said: “I’m looking forward to meeting as many of our new recruits as possible and sharing with them my vision for the future.
“The tour of Scotland that I will undertake in the next few weeks also sets the template for the kind of First Minister I want to be – open, accessible and determined to work with others across the political divide to find common cause and build a better country.
“The hope, excitement and sense of opportunity of the referendum campaign did not end on polling day. It is alive, well and growing.
“This is a great time for Scotland and I look forward to leading my party and our country to even better times ahead.”

Scottish Tory MSP Alex Johnstone was scathing about Sturgeon’s “vanity trip”.
He said: “We all know how keen the SNP leadership were on keeping the monarchy and that seems to extend to adopting a similar succession model for their new leader.
“It’s also astonishing that Nicola Sturgeon is planning to celebrate her coronation with her own vanity trip around the country – no doubt hoping the streets will be paved with cheering SNP loyalists.”
Sturgeon will be confirmed as party leader during the SNP conference in Perth from November 13 to 15.
Parliament will then have to formally endorse her bid to become First Minister.
After learning that she will run unopposed for the top job, Sturgeon said: “Alex is a hard act to follow but I am determined to lead the SNP and the country from strength to strength.
“The SNP were re-elected in 2011 on the basis of our record as a good government. My job will be to build on that and deliver strong, competent government with job creation, fairness and the protection of high-quality public services at its heart.
“If elected to be the next First Minister, that will be my priority each and every day.”
She added: “I will always make the case for Scotland to be an independent country but, with Westminster parties already backsliding on the delivery of new powers, my immediate job will be to hold them firmly to account – and I am today putting them on notice that I intend to do just that.”

 