THE Leeds post-punk band were surprised to find Glasgow audiences better behaved than they expected the first time they played the city. Eagulls' George Mitchell says if Glasgow crowd doesn't throw loose change at gigs it's a win ahead of King Tut's date - Daily Record THE last time Eagulls played Glasgow they found the audience surprising - because they weren’t hurling pennies.
In the run up to supporting Franz Ferdinand at the Barrowlands, the Leeds post-punk act were warned crowds in Scotland’s largest city weren’t easily pleased - and not above chucking a bottle or two onstage if unhappy.
So singer George Mitchell chalked the March gig up as a win when they left the iconic music venue in one piece.
He explained: “Glasgow has a reputation as a mean city to perform.
“We got told before that the crowd would be chucking pennies and bottles but we got on quite well - we were surprised.
“A lot of the fans were just there for Franz Ferdinand, but I think we managed to not so much win them over, but impress them to the point where they didn’t throw 2ps at us, so pretty good.”
George will no doubt be hoping to likewise walk away unscathed from King Tut’s when the band bring their eponymous debut album to the city this month.
Hailed as a mixture of “bile and valedictory swagger” by critics, the album could perhaps be considered typical of an act known for their turbulent antics off-stage.
They gained infamy last year when they wrote a foul-mouthed open letter to bands at SXSW which tore into “beach bands” who made music on their daddy’s dollar and who’d never met a drug dealer.
Their disconcerting video for single Nerve Endings showed a decomposing brain, and while it pipped the likes of Pharrell and the Arcade Fire to win Best Music Video at the 2014 NME Music Awards, also saw their home raided by police.
George says he doesn’t regret the open letter, and reckons their music is a reflection of life’s grim realities.
“It was very sarcastic that letter, but it had points that were truthful and meaningful,” he explained
“It was about little pretty boy bands that go around saying being on heroin is cool and all that sort of thing.
“It’s not cool.
“The first song we wrote (Council Flat Blues) was about memories of being 15, 16 hanging around drug dealers’ flats, it was about what was around me at the time, seeing all these things that young people don’t usually see.
“I see our music as coming across as like education really.
“It’s saying look at your life in another way.”
Eagulls play King Tut’s on Tuesday, October 21.
 