Winners to be announced at the finals to be held at OXO2 in London on November 6th Twelve Scottish game developers shortlisted in TIGA Games Industry Awards Twelve Scottish game developers shortlisted in TIGA Games Industry Awards - Daily Record Twelve Scottish-based game developers have been shortlisted as finalists in the TIGA annual Games Industry Awards.
TIGA , the trade association for developers, digital publishers, service providers and education providers, will announce the winners at the final at OXO2 in London on November 6th.
The awards include eight game categories, 20 business of games categories – open only to TIGA members – and two special awards, for Game of the Year and Person of th Year.
The Scottish Games companies shortlisted for the TIGA Games Industry Awards 2014 are:
4J Studios – Dundee
Beartrap Games – Dundee
Blazing Griffin – Edinburgh
Chunk Games – Glasgow
deltaDNA – Edinburgh
Dimensional Imaging – Glasgow
EM Studios – Glasgow
Guerilla Tea – Dundee
Pixel Blimp – Dundee
Speech Graphics – Edinburgh
Abertay University is the only Scottish university listed amongst seven finalists in the Best Educational Institute category.
Mid-tier accountants Henderson Loggie have also made the shortlist as one of three firms in the Best Accountancy Firm category along with Grant Thornton UK and MMP.
Steve Cartwright, head of the Games Industry team at Henderson Loggie, said: “This is a clear indication of the strength of the industry in Scotland.
“It continues to grow in importance and it is building a strong reputation for its creativity and ability to produce games with genuine global appeal.
“Dundee is established as the location of one of the UK’s – indeed Europe’s – leading games clusters, but Edinburgh and Glasgow also host companies that have made significant impact with games that are commercially successful.
“The combination of creative and innovative businesses underpinned by dedicated academic courses such as those run by Abertay University should see the sector continue to grow in Scotland, undoubtedly helped by the decision earlier this year by the EU which has allowed UK Games companies to claim tax relief on production costs.”
Statisticsf from TIGA show in the 2012/13 year the number of studios in Scotland grew from 81 to 94, employing 964 staff.
Tax revenues, both direct and indirect, rose by 17 per cent, from &pound;35 million to &pound;41 million and contributions to the UK's GDP from the region's developers now stands at &pound;99 million.
More information on the awards can be found here
 