A HEARTLESS thief robbed a church in broad daylight as parishioners were taking part in a Sunday service Thief robs Wishaw church during Sunday service A HEARTLESS thief robbed a church in broad daylight as parishioners were taking part in a Sunday service.

Now police are hunting the culprit who struck at Wishaw Old Parish Church in Lanarkshire during the morning worship.
The thief made off with a Kindle online reading tablet and an iPad tablet computer from Reverend Alan Greig’s vestry during the sickening raid.
• Keep up to date with all aspects of Scottish life with The Scotsman iPhone app, completely free to download and use.
They entered the kirk during the first service of the day on Sunday while the minister and congregation were at worship and raided the vestry before making off with the goods. 
One member of the congregation described the theft, which took place between 10am and 11am last Sunday, as “appalling”.
She added: “It’s very disturbing to have this happen while we were at worship. Apparently nothing is sacred.
“It is the lowest of the low, who would commit a crime in God’s house?”
Another worshipper said: “I just can’t believe this has happened.
“It must take some nerve to go into a church during a service and steal items from the minister’s vestry as he is leading the congregation on a Sunday morning.
“I hope the police catch whoever is responsible and we can get the things that were stolen back.” 
Inspector Alistair Anderson, of Wishaw Police Office, condemned the raider and said he was disgusted by the incident.
He said:”I was shocked and dismayed that someone has had the audacity to enter a place of worship, particularly when a Sunday service is taking place, to commit theft. 
“And I am sure that my sentiments are shared by the whole community.
“Officers from my Community Policing Team are currently carrying out extensive inquiries.
“I would urge anyone with information regarding this crime to contact us on 101 or, alternatively, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
It is understood that police are following a positive line of enquiry following the break in last Sunday. 
Rev Greig declined to comment on the theft.
In 2011, a state of the art video camera and a leather satchel was stolen from Stirling’s Church of the Holy Rude while a service was taking place.
The camera was worth a four figure sum.
 