OFFICERS from TITAN - the North-west’s regional organised crime unit - Merseyside Police and Police Scotland made nine arrests under Operation Kervella. Dawn drugs raids take place in Glasgow to snare gang involved in large scale distribution of cocaine, heroin and amphetamine - Daily Record POLICE launched a series of co-ordinated raids in Liverpool and Glasgow today in a bid to smash a cross border drugs gang.
Officers from TITAN - the North-west’s regional organised crime unit - Merseyside Police and Police Scotland made nine arrests under Operation Kervella.
The dawn swoops follow an 18 month investigation into a Merseyside-based serious organised crime group suspected of being involved in the large scale distribution of cocaine, heroin and amphetamines.
On Merseyside search warrants were executed at six properties in Kirkdale, Breeze Hill, Garston, Huyton, Kirkby and Birkenhead.
Two men, aged 35 and 32, and two women, aged 31 and 35, were arrested during the operation.
Two men, aged 43 and 38, were arrested at a prison in the north of England.

A further three men were arrested in Scotland and are currently being driven to Liverpool where they will be questioned on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A and B drugs.
The gang are suspected of supplying the drugs from the North West into other parts of England and Scotland.
Detective Superintendent Jason Hudson, head of operations at Titan, hailed the significance of the raids.
He said: “Today’s arrests should strike a major blow to organised crime groups both here in our region and elsewhere in the UK.
“Our operation has uncovered large amounts of illegal drugs being supplied by criminals from the North-West to their counterparts in other towns and cities elsewhere in the UK.
“These drugs cause great damage to our communities, fuelling violent and acquisitive crime, causing addiction and ruining lives.
“Titan’s aim is to protect innocent, law abiding people from the huge harm that these drugs and the organised crime groups who profit from them do.
“Today has been another significant step forward in this fight and I would like to thank all the officers from both Titan and the local police forces for their hard work, professionalism and commitment.”
Detective Inspector Graeme Lindsay, of Police Scotland’s Organised Crime and Counter Terrorism Unit said:
“We are delighted to have worked jointly with Titan on today’s operation. Tackling organised crime is a very high priority for Police Scotland, and I hope today’s operation sends yet another warning signal to those involved in it that we will do everything we can to continue to identify them deal with them appropriately.
Organised crime is a blight on our communities, it causes untold misery across Scotland and indeed the UK. Our partnership with organisations such as Titan seeks to strengthen our capability to tackle such crime, share intelligence and assist in operations like the one today. We will continue to relentlessly pursue individuals involved in organised crime.”
You can check out the pictures by clicking on the gallery below.
Yesterday we brought you the story of how an 'untouchable' international drugs gang was brought down after posh lunch meeting.


 