MACKENZIE Furniss, who was given just months to live last year, shared her happy news by making a poster and posing for a picture with her family and their dog. Brave 10-year-old's joy as she reveals she has 'kicked cancer's butt for the second time' - Daily Record BATTLING 10-year-old Mackenzie Furniss has revealed she has “kicked cancer’s butt for the second time”.
The schoolgirl shared her happy news by making a poster and posing for a picture with her parents Kimberley and Jason, sisters Taylor, seven, and two-year-old Addison and their dog Daisy.
Mackenzie was given just months to live last year when her family launched a &pound;300,000 fundraising drive to get pioneering treatment to save her .
Now a scan has revealed no signs of the neuroblastoma which she has battled twice in her young life.
Her family are planning a party to celebrate the end of her treatment and Mackenzie is looking forward to having fun with her friends and going swimming.
Kimberley, 39, said: “We’re over the moon to get the good news we’ve been waiting for. It feels like we can enjoy a bit of normal family life.
“We can’t thank people enough for all their support. Words cannot begin to describe how much it has meant to us.”
Mackenzie, of Sauchie, Clackmannanshire, was first diagnosed when she was five and after treatment, she went into remission in 2011.
But in October 2012, medics found cancerous tumours and the family’s only hope was a specialist stem cell transplant in Tubingen, near Stuttgart, Germany.
Radiation treatment to shrink the tumours on her skull and her spine bought her more time as the family tried to raise &pound;300,000 for the treatment.
They were more than halfway to their total when the Scottish Government stepped in to provide the rest .
Mackenzie was able to receive a transplant of her dad’s stem cells at Glasgow’s Yorkhill Hospital last November, with follow-up treatments in Stuttgart.
Test results last week revealed her body shows no signs of the neuroblastoma.
Her parents have been given hope by Vanessa Riddle, 13, from Ayrshire, who had the treatment in Germany and has been cancer-free for more than a year.
Mackenzie will be tested every three months. Kimberley said: “Waiting for the results is torture. But we take things one step at a time.”
 