IT is claimed the crime syndicate are taking advantage of Scots corporate rules which allow companies to be set up who are little more than a name plate at an address. Scots 'ghost' companies suspected of alleged £12.5bn money laundering scam by Russian mafia - Daily Record SCOTS companies are under suspicion of alleged money laundering by the Russian mafia.
It is claimed “ghost” firms based in Edinburgh and Glasgow could be involved in a laundering operation worth &pound;12.5billion.
Police in the former Soviet republic of Moldova are probing some companies involved, as are non-governmental organisation the Organised Crime and Corruption Reporting Project.
It is claimed the crime syndicate are taking advantage of Scots corporate rules which allow companies to be set up who are little more than a name plate at an address.
A probe by the Independent newspaper has uncovered at least six companies registered here who have come to the attention of investigators.
The launderers created UK front companies who carried out massive phoney business deals between themselves.
The front companies then sued each other in Moldova, demanding repayment of hundreds of millions of pounds of loans.
Money would be put into the UK front companies’ accounts in Moldova then transferred to another bank in Latvia.
Police are trying to identify the criminals whose money was being laundered, but it is virtually impossible to establish who owns the UK front companies.
One Edinburgh firm claimed a debt of $500million from a Russian guarantor in the Moldovan courts.
The company’s registered address is a small accountancy firm in Edinburgh not involved in any wrongdoing.
The man listed as the sole director of the company who claimed the debt told the Record: “According to the Independent, the criminals fake trials, so they must have a judge working with them in Moldova.
“They stage things so they get damages basically in the courts, then they force the Russian companies to pay up. In that way they money launder.
“But I am sorry I cannot help you because I have no idea. Nobody involved in any way with the company in Scotland knows what happens. That is a fact.”
Asked about his directorships of other companies registered to unlikely addresses here, the man said: “If the police would like to know more, I will talk to them. But I am not ready to waste time on newspapers.”
The scam appears to have gone on for four years before being shut down in May by the authorities in Moldova.
A Moldovan investigator said: “This money was routed from Russia, but the companies incorporated in Britain were instrumental to transit the funds.”
 