Darian MacKinnon is available for Hamilton Academical against Aberdeen after serving a suspension.  Coverage: Listen on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW and online; live text commentary on BBC Sport website
 Darian MacKinnon is available for Hamilton Academical against Aberdeen after serving a suspension. 
 The Scottish Premiership leaders should also have captain Martin Canning back after he missed four games with a knee injury, but Jon Routledge remains out. 
 Ryan Jack, Russell Anderson and Clark Robertson are still sidelined for Aberdeen. 
 But the trio could be in contention for the Dons' next match against Motherwell. 
  Hamilton manager Alex Neil:  &quot;Only once we have accumulated enough points to be mathematically safe will we re-evaluate our targets. 
 &quot;But for us right now, every game is our biggest game and that is the way we are approaching Friday night's game with Aberdeen. 
 &quot;If anybody is looking for a points total to be safe, generally you would look to the 40-point mark, so really we're only halfway there. 
 &quot;If we go and lose our next nine games, that puts us right back in amongst the teams worried about going down. 
 &quot;We just need to remain focused and not get carried away with reassessing our goals.&quot; 
  Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes:  &quot;I've seen enough of Hamilton this season to be more than impressed by them, of all the teams I've seen live this year, they're the team that's impressed me the most. 
 &quot;There's no doubt they've got ability in their team, their biggest quality is their honesty and work ethic. There's a real togetherness in the team and it's a team that's used to winning. 
 &quot;I think Hamilton are here to stay, looking at them I don't see them going anywhere. They're up there on merit and I don't see any reason why that won't continue. 
 &quot;I'd always back my team against any team to go and win the game and as tough as I expect the game to be against Hamilton, I expect us to be tough for them as well. 
 &quot;It's got all the makings of a fantastic game.&quot; 
 