The Scottish players' union have dismissed claims by Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston that a bonus row at Rugby Park has been resolved. Kilmarnock: Union take issue with chairman on bonus dispute  The Scottish players' union have dismissed claims by Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston that a bonus row at Rugby Park has been resolved. 
 Johnston said the dispute was over after a discussion with a group of players last week. 
 But PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart insisted, &quot;no understanding was reached at last Friday's meeting&quot;. 
 Wishart added: &quot;The players in attendance made their position clear in the strongest possible terms.&quot; 
 The Kilmarnock squad are understood to be dismayed at the money on offer as a potential reward for finishing 10th or better in the Premiership. 
 Manager Allan Johnston instigated a meeting, which the chairman revealed was attended by 15 players. 
&quot;The players were told that was the way it is and we need to focus on the football. We just have to wait and see how the season goes. It is up to us to be successful.&quot;
 &quot;Only 15 of 35 professional players attended the meeting,&quot; he said. &quot;So I'm assuming that those who were not there - some for personal reasons, others because of international duty - are content.&quot; 
 Michael Johnston added: &quot;As I am aware, the players now understand the reasoning behind and accept the club's original proposal.&quot; 
 However, Wishart immediately released a statement giving a very different version of events. 
 His account added: &quot;It is also wrong to assume that those not in attendance are content. For the avoidance of doubt the players have not accepted the club's original proposal and are currently considering their position.&quot; 
 Prior to the PFA Scotland statement, manager Johnston, who has guided his team to fourth in the table with five wins from nine games, appeared to back his chairman. 
 &quot;It was my decision to have the meeting,&quot; he said. &quot;I thought it was important that we heard from everybody and get it resolved. 
 &quot;Everyone said their piece. We came to an understanding. 
 &quot;The players were told that was the way it is and we need to focus on the football. We just have to wait and see how the season goes. It is up to us to be successful. 
 &quot;I don't want to go into the figures but the chairman explained where we are in terms of finances and the players made their point before coming to an agreement.&quot; 
 