THE plot cleverly and humorously deals with perception of older people in our society and the arrogance of the young in assuming they know what is in the best interests of an ageing parent. Review: Nothing Personal delivers warm and well-written elderly characters we can all identify with - Daily Record THE idea of a comedy set in a care home sounds like a hoot until you remember Ricky Gervais’ dreadful Derek.
Steeling ourselves for similar cringe-worthy ridicule and tired stereotypes, it was, therefore, a pleasant surprise to find warm, well-written characters with whom we could really identify.
The heroine of the piece – the&nbsp;perspicacious Mrs Lees – was&nbsp;delightful.
The wonderful mix of the granny who can knock out a fart that would have an elephant on its back combined with a keen sharp-wittedness born out of a lifetime of knocks could only have been written by someone with a much loved and respected older relative.
There are far too few roles for older actresses that show women as anything other than senile.
And Liz McFarlane-Davie captured the essence of the feisty Glasgow granny perfectly – albeit her character is a few decades her&nbsp;senior.
The plot basically deals with the perception of older people in our society and the arrogance of the young in assuming they know what is in the best interests of an ageing parent.
It is a theme replicated by the warden and consecutive carers and even other more institutionalised members of their own generation.
It is a powerful topic humorously told. However, Mrs Lees apart, all the actresses had multiple roles and sometimes even they seemed to have difficulty remembering who they were supposed to be in each scene.
Perhaps a few less character changes could have sharpened up the performances. It is not quite up there with The Steamie as a showcase for female talent but it had the potential to have a similar cult following.
Some of the characters need to be fleshed out and a bit more of a backstory for more of the lesser roles would help elevate this promising production.
But writer Linda Campbell should be rightly proud of this seminal piece.
Nothing Personal has just finished its short run but watch out for its next tour – it is too good&nbsp;a concept not to be shown more widely.
 