RECORD VIEW discusses the scandal of child poverty and the life expectancy gap in Scotland and insists it's time these problems are tackled and the referendum is left behind. Record View: Time to tackle child poverty and scandal of life expectancy gap - Record View - Daily Record IT is obscene that a Scots child born in poverty is likely to die more than a decade before a child a few miles away who belongs to a better-off family.
Scotland is a wealthy country, despite all we’ve suffered during the worst recession since the 1930s.
And it simply should not be the case that the area you are born in dictates whether you live to more than 80 or die before you reach your 70th birthday.
But that’s the finding of statistics published yesterday.
Behind every one of those statistics are real human stories of parents who won’t live to be grandparents, of children whose life chances are stunted from birth.
 Take for example Patrick Clarkin, a jobless 49-year-old in Glasgow’s Drumchapel who we feature on this page. For him the future looks bleak . 
Yet just three miles away, 62-year-old Terry Boyle can expect a good couple of decades of life to come.
This simply cannot be right. Much of the difference is down to poverty and joblessness feeding a vicious cycle of bad health.
 These life expectancy figures were revealed two days after a shocking map emerged of the scale of child poverty in Scotland . 
 The two issues are interlinked of course and incoming first minister Nicola Sturgeon needs to rapidly get to grips with both. 
New powers are on the way for the Scottish Parliament – but the Parliament already have full control of health policy in Scotland.
So when it comes to health, Sturgeon will have the full levers of government at her disposal.
She could, if she wants, pump extra health spending into deprived areas to try to tackle the difference in life expectancy.
She could, if she wants, help fund that by stopping free prescriptions for the wealthy and the well-off who can easily afford to pay.
Hard choices and hard graft – that’s what being in government is all about.
Sturgeon will inherit an in-tray full of problems which were left to gather dust while the governing of Scotland was put on hold for the referendum. But, as we said earlier this week, the referendum is over.
It’s time to get down to work ... starting with child poverty and the scandal of the life expectancy gap.
 The good newts 
It seems the tranquility of a freshwater pond is no longer enough for thrill-seeking Scottish newts.
Super-bright 12-year-old Callum Ullman-Smith has become a hit with scientists by discovering a species successfully breeding in the storm-lashed seawater of Loch Alsh instead.
Just the kind of story you expect to read in Scotland’s favourite newtspaper.
 