Brit Nominee and X-Factor winner Alexandra Burke will star as Rachel Marron when The Bodyguard comes to the King's Theatre in Glasgow. Singer Alexandra Burke to play Rachel in The Bodyguard musical at The King's Theatre Brit Nominee and X-Factor winner Alexandra Burke will star as Rachel Marron when The Bodyguard comes to the King's Theatre in Glasgow.The Bad Boys singer will be performing the role during the show's run at the venue from Wednesday, March 4 to Saturday, March 14.The Bodyguard makes its Scottish premiere at the King's Theatre Glasgow on March 4.Alexandra Burke said: &quot;I couldn't be happier to be joining the tour and I'm excited to get started. Being on the theatre stage has brought me great happiness. It is an honour to have been asked to join the team and I look forward to creating new and long lasting memories with the cast.&quot;Alexandra Burke rose to fame after winning the fifth series of The X Factor. Her debut number one single Hallelujah sold over one million copies in the UK, a first for a British female soloist.Burke's first album, Overcome saw the release of her subsequent number one singles Bad Boys and Start Without You.In 2011, she embarked on her first solo tour and was invited by Beyonc&eacute; to support her I Am... Tour. Her second album, Heartbreak on Hold, was released in June 2012 and later this year sees the release of her third studio album.Alexandra Burke will perform the role of Rachel Marron at all evening performances. At the matinee performances, the role of Rachel Marron will be played by Zoe Birkett.Zoe Birkett is probably best known as the highest placing female contestant in ITV's Pop Idol, 2002. Since then she has appeared in the West End productions of Priscilla Queen of the Desert and originated the female lead in Thriller Live. Her other theatre credits include the Acid Queen in Tommy and Maureen in Rent.Based on Lawrence Kasdan's 1992 Oscar nominated Warner Bros. film, The Bodyguard, which starred Whitney Houston and Kevin Costner, was nominated for four Laurence Olivier Awards including Best New Musical and Best Set Design and won Best New Musical at the Whatsonstage Awards.Former Secret Service agent turned bodyguard, Frank Farmer, is hired to protect superstar Rachel Marron from an unknown stalker. Each expects to be in charge; what they don't expect is to fall in love. A romantic thriller, The Bodyguard features a host of irresistible classics including Queen of the Night, So Emotional, One Moment in Time, Saving All My Love, I'm Your Baby Tonight, Run to You, I Have Nothing, I Wanna Dance with Somebody and one of the biggest selling songs of all time - I Will Always Love You. 