A man who escaped a shop in Glasgow with two legs of lamb after threatening to stab staff has been jailed for three years. Maryhill robber jailed after stealing legs of lamb at knifepoint A man who escaped a shop in Glasgow with two legs of lamb after threatening to stab staff has been jailed for three years.
Kenneth Wilson, 49, was browsing the aisles at a branch of Farmfoods in Maryhill when staff confronted him.
Wilson, from Glasgow, pulled out a knife and told employees: &quot;I'm going to stab you&quot;, before fleeing the shop.
He was sentenced at the High Court in Edinburgh.
Farmfoods supervisor Myasar Al-Muqhafar watched Wilson take cuts of meat from the freezer and put them in carrier bags.
Mr Al-Muqhafar and his colleague Scott Bradley confronted Wilson. They asked him to remove the meat from the bags and leave the shop.
Wilson pulled out a kitchen knife with a blade up to six inches long.
He pointed the knife at the employees and threatened to stab them before running from the shop carrying two legs of lamb and the knife.
Police used CCTV to identify Wilson before detaining him outside a lift at his home in Glasgow.
When interviewed, Wilson denied any involvement. He said: &quot;I'm totally innocent of this charge and I will prove it in court.&quot;
However, when he appeared in court he admitted assaulting Mr Al-Muqhafar and Mr Bradley by brandishing a knife at them and stealing two legs of lamb.
He committed the offence after he was granted bail earlier that month at Glasgow Justice of the Peace Court.
Defence counsel Susan Duff told the High Court in Edinburgh that Wilson was in &quot;no doubt&quot; that a jail sentence would be imposed on him but asked a judge to restrict it as much as possible.
She said: &quot;While the offence undoubtedly was very upsetting for the shop staff involved and was aggravated by the knife, his intention was shoplifting.&quot;
She said Wilson, who has spent &quot;significant periods in custody&quot;, had returned to using drugs.
The court heard that Wilson has an extensive criminal record which included a previous 10-year prison sentence for assault and robbery.
Lord Boyd of Duncansby told Wilson he accepted that his initial intention was to steal from the shop, but said he had then produced a large knife when confronted by the staff.
The judge told Wilson that he had &quot;an appalling record&quot; and said he would have jailed him for four and a half years but for his guilty plea.
Lord Boyd said: &quot;I accept you are expressing a willingness to turn your life around.&quot;
He ordered that Wilson be kept under supervision for a further year.
 