NEW data shows how the scandalous inequality in our country robs the poor of the chance to live as long as their affluent neighbours. True price of poverty revealed as better off live 12 years longer than those living in deprived areas of Scotland - Daily Record POVERTY is cutting Scotsmen’s lives by more than 12 years, shocking figures revealed yesterday.
Men born in the country’s areas of highest deprivation can expect to die before their 70th birthday.
But in affluent areas just a few miles away, newborn boys can look forward to living more than 82 years.
In the least deprived 10 per cent of local authority areas, the male life expectancy in 2011-13 was 82.4 years, compared to 69.9 in the poorest 10 per cent of areas.
The data from the National Records of Scotland also shows that the gap in life expectancy between Scotland and England has widened over the last three decades, and is now 0.4 years more for both men and women than it was in 1980-82.
Women born in the most deprived areas of Scotland can also expect to have a shorter life than those in the wealthiest areas, with a gap of 8.5 years between the poorest 10 per cent of areas (76.3 years) and the most affluent (84.8 years).
Glasgow has the lowest life expectancy for both men (73) and women (78.5) in Scotland.
Neighbouring East Dunbartonshire is the local authority with the highest life expectancy for both sexes, with men expected to live to 80.5 years and women to 83.9.
Scottish Labour social justice spokeswoman Jackie Baillie said: “These are shocking statistics which need radical action right away.
“We need to get at the root causes and take the tough decisions needed. This should be top of Nicola Sturgeon’s in-tray when she takes over as First Minister.”
Scottish Tory health spokesman Jackson Carlaw said the difference in life expectancy is “grim”.
He added: “That ties into almost every health statistic we see, whether it’s cancer survival rates or vulnerability to alcohol dependence.”
PATRICK is a former support worker but has been unemployed for some time.
The divorced father of two lives in the rundown Glasgow district of Drumchapel.
There, life expectancy rates are 73 for a man and 78 for a woman, shockingly lower than in well-off Bearsden, just three miles away.
“If you listen to those kinds of figures, I’ll probably only have six months left,” he joked.
“When you go to housing estates around Glasgow – like Drumchapel, Easterhouse or Castlemilk – there is an obvious level of poverty there.
“The problem is no money is being spent on regeneration.
“Drink and drugs can be another factor because some people have no other outlet.”
He added: “We have a leisure centre here but it costs money.
“People who don’t earn a lot worry about having enough for their rent, to eat and to heat their houses. Fitness would come after all that and they are just living day to day.”
 

FATHER-of-two Terry lives in Milngavie, near Glasgow.
The town is part of East Dunbartonshire, the council area which tops the table for the highest life expectancy in Scotland.
Terry retired in May from his job as a liabilities adviser for Network Rail.
He said: “There is a higher proportion of high earners living here. I’d probably say it’s also a bit more countrified, like having better air quality. A lot of working class people tend to be herded together on certain estates.
“Middle class people move to places like Bearsden, where there is better housing and a better standard of life.
“Another factor could be those people can also afford private healthcare and education.
“More funding in deprived areas would be a good way to help those lower in the social order. But with the austerity cuts, I don’t know how likely that is to happen.”
 