Director of workplace experts Space Solutions, Derek Binnie, considers why businesses continue to lose money from poor office design Comment: Smarter use of office space can deliver bottom line improvements Comment: Smarter use of office space can deliver bottom line improvements - Daily Record Recent reports suggest whilst Edinburgh faces a record high of available office space, Grade A will be in short supply in the future, so businesses must be smarter about using the available space.
Improved occupier sentiment translated into strong activity across Scotland’s Central Belt office market during the first half of 2014.
However, many businesses are still making basic mistakes when considering their commercial space and as a result can be losing up to 28% from their bottom line rental.
Using our cost calculator, which takes into account the overall floor plan and the cost of occupation (the likes of cleaning, rent, rates, utilities, security, maintenance etc.) our 17 years of experience has helped us identify that broadly the cost of quality city-centre office space is comparable in Glasgow and Edinburgh at between &pound;40-&pound;65 per sq.ft.
For the average 10,000 sq.ft. office, this means the cost of is approximately &pound;400,000-&pound;650,000 per annum.
Whilst the British Council for Offices surveys show that occupational densities in the UK are on average between 26 – 39 sq. ft. per person, in practice, however, most companies are using far in excess of this.
Yet, due to changes in working practices and technology, we have found that through work place studies across a range of industry sectors, there is an average potential space saving of 28% that could be achieved through right sizing and better floor planning.
Companies need to learn from past mistakes and ensure that a change in their commercial space is now viewed as opportunity to improve the productivity of the workforce and the profitability of the organisation, and not just a sunken cost.
Workplace analysis is defined as the alignment of an organisations goals and vision with the build environment around them, creating a space which reduces costs and promotes maximum productivity.
Undertaking such an analysis helps organisations understand the needs of their business in terms of accommodation and enables them to achieve an optimal use of space; something that will deliver efficiencies in terms of occupancy costs and occupancy levels.
To find the potential for savings, a workplace audit expert examines the type of work undertaken, the technology used, the way in which people act and begin to build a picture of how an organisation can utilise all these elements to improve productivity.
Using a number of techniques including occupation assessments, storage surveys and interactive workshops, the analysis allows organisations to configure their space in such a way as to improve business function now and give greater flexibility for the future.
Where we often find the biggest space savings is in simple things such as smarter storage; individual and shared.
Individual space requirements have also changed. Desk sharing, flexible working and the contribution that IT provides in supporting a business all mean that there isn’t always a need for one desk, chair, filing unit per person.
These more modern ways of working have not only liberated valuable office space, they also reduce the cost of furnish that same space.
Using a cost calculator, most businesses are able to get a quick understanding of the likely space savings that they are able to make on their current or proposed commercial locations.
The new Space Solutions cost calculator is available free here&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
In short, the old tried and tested office moves should be a thing of the past.
In a time where available space is hard to come by and businesses are beginning to flex again, understanding the needs of the organisation and planning for flexible and agile space is having a hugely positive impact on the bottom line.
 