Jamie Hamill believes Kilmarnock can take advantage of their artificial surface to continue their fine start to the season. Kilmarnock: Jamie Hamill hoping pitch will help side's form  Jamie Hamill believes Kilmarnock can take advantage of their artificial surface to continue their fine start to the season. 
 Killie are third in the table after beating Dundee United 2-0 to seal their fifth win from nine Premiership games. 
 And midfielder Hamill reckons the new Rugby Park pitch is helping. 
 &quot;You hear a few players moaning about the state of the pitch when you're running next to them - sometimes it could play in our favour,&quot; he said. 
 Goals from Tope Obadeyi and Mark Connolly in three second-half minutes handed Killie the win on Friday night at Rugby Park and ended United's six-game unbeaten run. 
 Hamill was delighted with the victory and the midfielder says Killie's excellent display was typical of Allan Johnston's side's season so far. 
 &quot;The gaffer's got us playing really well and we're working in units,&quot; the 28-year-old told BBC Scotland. 
 &quot;It's been a good season for everybody involved at Kilmarnock and I think a lot of people are still writing us off, even though we've been doing well. 
 &quot;We've been knocking the ball about all season like that, but sometimes it's not been happening for us, but tonight everybody clicked - so long may it continue. 
 &quot;It's a fantastic win because Dundee United have been playing really well, but tonight we matched them in every department. 
 &quot;Confidence stems from winning games and we've proved a lot of people wrong. 
 &quot;A lot of people think we're in a false position, but on tonight's form we're doing really well. It's going to stand us in good stead for the forthcoming games.&quot; 
 Finnish playmaker Alexei Eremenko had a hand in both goals against the Tannadice outfit and Hamill was quick to praise the 31-year-old. 
 &quot;His vision of play is second to none to be honest - you see it every day in training and again tonight he's had another couple of assists, which is magnificent to have in your team,&quot; Hamill said. 
 