Living in the area is hazardous to your health, with the average man dying five years before his neighbour in East Renfrewshire.  Women will live an average of four years less than those in the next local authority. Renfrewshire's life expectancy rates among the worst in Scotland - Daily Record Life expectancy in Renfrewshire is lower than almost anywhere else in Scotland, new figures have revealed.
On average, men in the Paisley area can only expect to live for 75.7 years, while the figure for women is 80.6 years – both below the national average.
That places Renfrewshire sixth bottom of the 32 council areas across Scotland.
However, neighbouring East Renfrewshire has the second-highest life expectancy rates in the country, with the average man there living beyond his 80th birthday and women living to 84.
Last night, there were calls for the Scottish Government to take tough action to tackle the “root causes of inequality” which has led to drastically different prospects for people living in poorer areas.
Paisley and Renfrewshire South MP Douglas Alexander wants more to be done to cut the cost of living for the least wealthy, including a freeze on energy prices and an increase in the minimum wage to &pound;8 an hour.
He said: “Inequality between different parts of Scotland will only be reduced if young people in every community have the opportunity to get a good education and families have access to the best healthcare.
“Year after year, the SNP have targeted Renfrewshire for extra cuts.
“Renfrewshire Council gets the worst local government settlement in mainland Scotland.
“If Renfrewshire even received just the average level of funding, our local area would have &pound;18million more to spend this year.”
Figures released yesterday by the National Records of Scotland show the average life expectancy across the nation is 77 for men and 81 for women.
Those who stay in wealthier areas and the countryside can expect to live longer than those in impoverished towns.
Tim Ellis, chief executive of the National Records of Scotland, said: “This report shows that life expectancy continues to vary widely across Scotland.
“People living in rural areas, in general, live longer than those in more urban areas.”
The area of Scotland with the highest life expectancy is East Dunbartonshire, where the figures stand at 80.5 years for men and 83.9 for women.
Glasgow has the lowest levels for both men and women, with the data putting these at 73 and 78.5 respectively.
 