Latest figures from BDO show Glasgow was the only Scottish city to report occupancy growth in July, and 'substantial' room rate increases pushed Scottish average rate for July up 16.4% year on year Glasgow hotel rates rose 73% during Commonwealth Games new figures show Glasgow hotel rates rose 73% during Commonwealth Games new figures show - Daily Record The Commonwealth Games helped lift overall occupancy and room yield rates for Scottish hotels in July, new figures from business advisors BDO suggest.
BDO said Glasgow's hosting of the Commonwealth Games had led to “substantially increased prices”, with average room yield in Scotland – the industry measure of revenue growth – up 16.4 per cent in July to average &pound;74.20,
The Scottish average yield rates compare with &pound;53.28 in regional UK; &pound;50.59 in England and &pound;45.80 in Wales for the same period.
Year-on-year room yields in Glasgow rose 73.3 per cent in July according to BDO's figures, from &pound;45.31 to &pound;78.53 as a result of the Commonwealth Games.
In Edinburgh, average room yields were down 1.5 per cent year on year to &pound;81.86, which was still the highest recorded figure in Scotland.
In Aberdeen, average room yields increased 7.8 per cent to &pound;75.27, buoyed by strong demand from the business sector, though average yields in Inverness dipped 4.6 per cent year on year to &pound;56.53.
Overall occupancy in Scottish hotels dipped 0.7 per cent in July to 85.4 per cent, though occupancy in Scotland was still ahead of UK regional which averaged 82.9 per cent occupancy while the average in England was 82.4 per cent and in Wales 85.1 per cent.
Looking at occupancy levels across Scotland's four main cities monitored by BDO, occupancy was up four per cent year on year in Glasgow but was down 2.1 per cent in Aberdeen, down 4.8 per cent in Edinburgh and down 6.3 per cent in Inverness.
BDO partner Alastair Rae, said: “There was a fantastic Commonwealth Games effect on Glasgow’s occupancy and, more importantly, its revenue levels.
“Added to the continued performance of Edinburgh and Aberdeen, this propelled the urban hotels in Scotland to a strong performance.
“Edinburgh reported the second highest revenue in the UK after Oxford whilst Aberdeen continued its strong revenue performance of recent years.
“Occupancy declined in both cities, however, by 4.8 per cent and 2.1per cent respectively.”
He added: “Whilst revenues remained strong during July the fall in occupancy rates would tend to indicate that prices may have peaked.
“There will undoubtedly be an increase in August but whether this can be sustained into the Autumn remains to be seen, but let us hope so.”
And commenting on the Aberdeen market, Rae said: “Aberdeen’s hotels continue to benefit from the oil industry but it will be interesting to see if this is maintained as the oil price continues its downward trend.
“The North Sea oil market is broadly dependent upon a reasonably high oil price and, as it dips, activity levels may stutter.
“The news that Apache - the third largest operator in the North Sea - is considering selling off its North Sea interests may be an indication that the market is shifting.
“Whatever occurs the hospitality sector needs to be alert to the potential implications.”
BDO's monthly hotel trends survey has been published since the early 1970s and features a broad range of hotels in the three to four-star categories.
 