Coventry-bound Wasps beat an ill-disciplined Bath in front of their biggest Adams Park crowd of the season. Premiership: Wasps 29-22 Bath Wasps (12) 29
Tries: Penalty, Tagicakibau Pens: Goode 4, Daly Cons: Goode 2
Bath (0) 22
Tries: Joseph, Young, Sisi Pen: Ford Cons: Ford 2
 Coventry-bound Wasps beat an ill-disciplined Bath in front of their biggest Adams Park crowd of the season. 
 Andy Goode kicked three penalties and Elliot Daly slotted a fourth, following Leroy Houston's yellow card for Bath, to put the hosts 12-0 up at half-time. 
 Bath were briefly down to 12 men, with Dave Wilson and Mick Young sin-binned, the latter for conceding a penalty try. 
 Bath responded with 22 unanswered points after Sailosi Tagicakibau went in for the hosts, but it was too late. 
 Jonathan Joseph, Young and David Sisi grabbed Bath's tries, with George Ford kicking a late penalty to secure a losing bonus point. 
 Wasps announced this week that in December they will relocate home matches to the Ricoh Arena - 82 miles away from their current ground in High Wycombe. 
 They were watched by a crowd of 7,397 on Sunday, the majority of whom will have been cheered by their side's performance. 
 Defeat is Bath's second of the season, and leaves Mike Ford's side fourth in the table, one place ahead of their hosts. 
 The visitors looked to have crossed for the opening points, but Kyle Eastmond's effort was denied by the television match official for obstruction. 
 Goode, who booted two penalties before Tagicakibau was held up on the line, failed to find the unmarked Andrea Masi with a crossfield kick as the hosts piled the pressure on. 
 However, he slotted a third kick on 35 minutes before Houston was yellow-carded for a tip-tackle on Joe Simpson. Daly slotted over that penalty. 
Wasps
Draws
Bath
18
1
18
 Goode made it 15-0 with his fourth penalty after Wilson was yellow-carded for a trip. 
 Soon after, in an effort to stop Christian Wade as he kicked the ball on, replacement scrum-half Young was also sin-binned - and conceded a penalty try - for tackling the England winger without the ball. 
 Crucially, Tagicakibau added another score before Bath fought back, Joseph racing over before Young returned to the field to score and Sisi went in. 
  Wasps director of rugby Dai Young:  
 &quot;One thing that has jumped out at me is how intelligent our supporters are. 
 &quot;Nobody can doubt their loyalty and passion, but I understood frustrations in the early part of the week. 
 &quot;I thought the supporters were intelligent enough to react in the right way once everything was explained and outlined fully. 
  Bath head coach Mike Ford:  
 &quot;It is disappointing, but it's not all doom. We're fourth after six games, after playing some decent opposition. 
 &quot;If we can put it all together, we're going to be there or thereabouts. 
 &quot;It was 29-0 at one stage, so we are pleased with the character and the response of the team.&quot; 
  Wasps:  Masi; Wade, Daly, Leiua, Tagicakibau; Goode, Simpson; Mullan, Festuccia, Cittadini; Launchbury, Davies; Johnson, Haskell (capt), Hughes. 
  Replacements:  Lindsay, Yapp, Cooper-Woolley, Gaskell, Jones, Davies, Millar, Bell. 
  Bath:  Henson; Rokoduguni, Joseph, Eastmond, Watson; Ford, Cook; James, Webber, Wilson; Hooper (capt), Attwood; Fa'osiliva, Mercer, Houston. 
  Replacements:  Batty, Auterac, Thomas, Day, Sisi, Young, Devoto, Woodburn. 
  Attendance:  7,397. 
  Referee:  JP Doyle (RFU) 
 