THE Jet2 flight travelling from Glasgow to Tenerife carrying 191 passengers and six crew members ran into trouble 30 minutes from its destination. Holiday jet terror: Engine fails at 35,000ft as Jet2 flight travels from Glasgow to Tenerife - Daily Record THE PILOT of a holiday jet was forced to make a Mayday emergency call at 35,000ft after one of it’s engines failed.
The Jet2 flight travelling from Glasgow to Tenerife carrying 191 passengers and six crew members ran into trouble 30 minutes from its destination.
Of the 197 people onboard the Boeing 737-800 were families including three babies and 47 children aged two to 16 heading to the holiday island during the half-term school holiday.
The airline confirmed that the pilot of the aircraft registered G-GDFY, issued an emergency call three-quarters of the way through the three and a half hour flight to Tenerife on Monday after one of it’s two engines failed.
It blamed an ‘engine oil pressure issue’ which led to the ‘controlled shutdown’ of one engine as a ‘precautionary measure’ following a ‘technical fault indication.’
The incident has been reported to UK and Spanish safety authorities, it confirmed.
As a UK registered plane, the pilot has four days to file an incident report to the Civil Aviation Authority.
The incident on board the 9am flight happened just north of the Portuguese island of Madeira.
The LS155 flight quickly descended 10,000ft to 25,000 in order to stabilise.
A source said that in addition to the verbal emergency call the pilot issued a ‘Squawk 7700’ digital warning to alert air traffic controllers on their screen to the unfolding drama.
They added: “There were oil pressure warnings on the Number 1 engine which was subsequently shut down.
“The pilot issued a Squawk 7700 Mayday emergency warning to air traffic controllers.’
A spokesman for the airline said: “ Flight LS155 departed Glasgow on Monday morning at 9am local time.
“Around 30 minutes prior to landing in Tenerife passengers were informed there would be a controlled shutdown of one of the engines a precautionary measure due to a technical fault indication.
“The aircraft landed safety at 13.38.”
Jet2 also said that its aircrafts are always within 60 minute flying time of an airport if ever flying on a single engine.
They added: “ Flight Ops (Operations) confirmed the pilot carried out a precautionary engine shutdown in line with Boeing procedures.”
Last week angry holiday makers said they were made to wait an hour in the cold at Manchester Airport after their Alicante flight was diverted.
The passengers returning from Spain last Thursday evening described the scenes as ‘total chaos.’
The flight which was originally scheduled for Blackpool, but Jet2 changed the destination after an announcement the airport would be closing when no buyer could be found.
Passenger Jackie Hughson blasted the firm saying that people travelling on board the flight, including elderly and inform, were forced to walk a long distance to the terminal . She added: “ People had to struggle on a long walk to get to where the coaches were supposed to be and there were no wheelchairs. “
Jet2 apologised for the disruption.
An airline spokesperson said: “ The Alicante flight was originally set to return to Blackpool Airport.
“However restrictions in place at Blackpool meant we had to return to Manchester.”

 