TYLER Moffat, 21, has been watched almost one million times after performing a hilarious take on the track called All About The Cakes in his mum's living room. Video: Unemployed Scot becomes internet sensation after filming hilarious take on No1 hit All About The Bass - Daily Record AN unemployed Scot has become an internet hit after uploading his version of Meghan Trainor’s No1 hit All About The Bass – filmed in his mum’s living room.
Tyler Moffat performs a hilarious take on the track called All About The Cakes.
The 21-year-old, who cares for his mum at their Glasgow home, has been watched almost one million times after putting the video on Facebook.
He said: “It was sung off the top of my head and was just done as a bit of a laugh – people seem to like it.
“I look to the side a few times because my friend is there.
“Whenever I thought up something funny I looked to her but you can’t see her in the video. I was just shocked when some of the lyrics rhymed.”
Tyler sings: “I’m all about the cakes, no trifle.
“Yeah, its pretty clear I eat a cake or two but if I’m really hungry it could be 22.”
The chorus includes the lines: “Mama, she told me don’t worry about my thighs. She said if you’re still hungry go down make yourself some fries.
“No I won’t be no stick figure. I won’t eat no salad bowls.”

He added: “On Facebook it has been watched 940,000 times and has had over 20,000 likes.
“I don’t see myself as being funny. It is just the way I am but people have been telling me I’m brilliant.”
Tyler, who has been making videos since he was 16, is trying to develop a comedy career.
He said: “A lot of people have said they thought I was a comedian but I don’t know how to go about it.
“I’d love to do a show where people come to see me but I would be worried people thought it was rubbish.”
He added: “I care for my disabled mum but considered going to college to train as a barber. Now I’m hoping an opportunity will come out of the videos I am making.
“The video was played on Capital Radio but it gives me a weird feeling.”
On the downside, Tyler says internet trolls have threatened him.
He said: “At the start, it was quite scary. I used to be one of those people who would start crying if he was called fat.
“I could have taken my own life. That is how serious the trolling is.
“People said, ‘No one wants you, why don’t you suffocate in your own sleep’.
“Now it doesn’t bother me because every time I get hate, my Facebook following goes up.”
&nbsp;
Test your knowledge with our daily news quiz:

 