THE tale of Laurel's comical debut at the Panopticon as a bumbling teenager in 1906  is just one of many found in Judith Bower's book Glasgow’s Lost Theatre: The Story Of The Britannia Music Hall. Stan Laurel's successful career in comedy was born in Scots music hall which is set to be restored to its former glory - Daily Record STAN Laurel’s incredible career began in a former Scottish music hall that is finally being restored to its former glory.
The comic made his debut as a bumbling teenager in the world’s oldest surviving music hall, the Panopticon, in 1906. But he made such a fine mess of his act that the audience rolled around in hysterics at each failure and his career in comedy, most famously as one half of Laurel and Hardy, was born.
Judith Bowers, who has spent close on 20 years researching and restoring the theatre, in Glasgow’s Trongate, said: “Stan Laurel’s debut was comical. Stan knew the Panopticon’s owner A E Pickard because of his dad, A J Jefferson, who managed a music hall around the corner called The Metropole. He’d always told his son not to tread the boards.
“But Stan wanted to be a comic. He used to skive off school and come into the Panopticon to watch his favourite comics.
“A month before his 16th birthday, Stan got to perform a Friday night amateur spot after telling Pickard he was funny.
“He had told his dad he was going to a birthday party but instead Stan went home, took his dad’s best suit out of the wardrobe and cut it up comically and then beat up his dad’s best hat to make it tramp-like, which was the fashion at the time. He toddled into the Panopticon with a joke he’d&nbsp;bought for a penny in the Saltmarket.
“By chance, his dad walked past the theatre and the Panopticon owner told him his son was on next. The two men then sat in the front row of the stalls to watch Stan.
“Stan told his joke and got grief from the audience.
“But what was upsetting to Stan was that he noticed his dad sitting in the stalls. His dad was furious because he recognised his best suit and what Stan had done to it. Stan wanted off stage, so took a bow but fumbled the hat and dropped it.
“He stepped forward to pick up the hat. His foot connected with it and kicked it into the orchestra.
“A lady in the orchestra tried to retrieve the hat, tripped, fell on the hat and crushed it. The audience laughed their heads off as Stan tried to get off stage. But it was too early for the trapeze act due next.
 “The stage manager, in a panic, walked on with a hook to get the trapeze ready as Stan tried to  sidle off. 
“The hook caught Stan’s dad’s jacket and ripped it clean up the back. The audience was in hysterics as Stan legged it out of the theatre.
“When he eventually came home, his dad gave him his first whisky and from that moment on encouraged his career.”
 

The tale is just one of many found in Judith’s book Glasgow’s Lost Theatre: The Story Of The Britannia Music Hall, where Sir Harry Lauder and Cary Grant also trod the boards.
The meticulously researched book, with a foreword by Michael Grade, is setting the record straight on the building that barely elicits a second glance from the outside. Left abandoned in 1938, it had lain untouched since then until a chance visit by Judith in 1997 led to the beginnings of an ambitious conservation project.
She said: “It started life as the Britannia Music Hall in 1857.
“It is an old warehouse building that had a pub on the ground floor. They decided to utilise the warehouse above as a music hall.”
Judith, who has worked for many years as an archaeologist and later as a Glasgow historian, believes the music hall has survived because city audiences were the most raucous and uncouth.
She said: “A music hall in the 1850s was usually the back room to a pub and your bottle of beer was the admission to the music hall.
“Being upstairs is one of the secrets to its survival. They couldn’t build a music hall behind the pub in this building because it had tenements too close to it at the back.
“Music halls were all wooden, lit by naked candlelight and heated by coal fires.
“Everyone smoked pipes and would knock the embers out on the wooden floors.
“The average life of a music hall was 20 to 25 years before they burned down.
“But because this music hall was one floor up it was more difficult for people to get out to urinate.
“So they urinated where they stood, which meant the wood was too saturated to ignite.
“Boys on the balcony would urinate on the acts on the stage as a sport.
“But if they were at the back of the balcony they would throw horse manure instead. It was where they came to let off steam.
“They were wild nights and that is why it is the oldest surviving music hall in the world.”
 

Judith now hopes sales from her book will help raise some of the money needed to restore the original stage.
“The first time I walked in, there were bottles of beer still sitting on the benches,” she said.
“I cried when I first saw the auditorium because I couldn’t believe there was such sadness.
“We are trying to raise money to bring the main stage back.”
* Glasgow’s Lost Theatre by Judith Bowers is on sale now, &pound;12.99 paperback. Also available as an eBook.
 