THE youngster was presented with her own specially-made uniform, helmet and warrant card before being put through her paces at new fire training centre. Firefighters make Ailsa Croll their latest recruit as they hail five-year-old for battling back from life-threatening illness - Daily Record AILSA Croll is so brave that even some of Scotland’s most fearless lifesavers regard her as their hero.
They were so impressed with her battle against a life-threatening illness, they made her an honorary firefighter.
The five-year-old was presented with her own specially made uniform, helmet and warrant card inducting her into the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service and was joined by her big sister Caitlin, eight.
The service wasted no time in putting them to work and the Ayrshire girls were soon heading out to tackle mock blazes at the service’s massive new &pound;43million fire training centre in Cambuslang, near Glasgow.

The girls’ special day was set up through the service’s strong links with the Anthony Nolan Trust bone marrow charity, forged by firefighters like Ally Boyle and Andy Watt.
They launched campaigns to register thousands of donors after Ally, who was recently forced to retire through ill health, was diagnosed with rare blood disorder myelodysplasia.
And when little Ailsa, from Dundonald, was diagnosed with aplastic anaemia and told she needed a bone marrow donation to survive, they helped her parents Neil and Kirsteen organise donor drives.
A match was found but sadly that transplant failed. She luckily found a second donor and has recovered well enough to start primary school.
After two and a half years of gruelling treatment, she is now stronger than ever.
Scottish Fire and Rescue assistant chief officer Dave Boyle welcomed the Croll family to their special day out.
He said: “We are in the business of saving lives and are delighted to take on the partnership with Anthony Nolan, meaning all around Scotland we have a network passionate about making a difference in people’s lives.
 

“Ailsa is one of the most enthusiastic and charming new recruits we’ve ever had and she can be a role model to the rest of our firefighters.”
Once they had been kitted out in custom-made junior sized uniforms, the girls joined watch commanders Davie Boyle and Craig Cathro on board a shiny big fire engine and were put through their paces.
They began tackling a burning car inside a garage and did a sterling job getting the situation under control quickly. Then the new team rushed to a blazing petrochemical facility and managed to douse the flames despite the 800C heat.
Their challenge was completed when they were called out to a house fire on the other side of the training facility and celebrated in fine firefighter tradition by soaking Davie with a hose.
Instructor Craig was delighted with their progress and said: “They both did a great job and it has been a wonderful day training these new recruits. They did the service proud.”
Ailsa said: “I loved sitting in the front of the fire engine and putting out all of the fires. It’s been brilliant.”
Caitlin added: “I enjoyed making the siren go and putting out the big fire.”
The girls’ parents were ecstatic to see their girls treated to the special day.
 

Dad Neil said: “It’s fantastic, they have been looking forward to this for such a long time. This is such a wonderful thing for the guys to do and we’re so grateful.
“Two and a half years ago when we first learned of Ailsa’s disease, Andy and Ally got in touch shortly after to help out.
“It’s one of the hardest things to deal with and it was great to have that support and know that people were going out of their way, in their own time, to do work that would help us.
“They helped us out on a donor event, which registered 321 new donors.”
Kirsteen added: “Ailsa spent two years in isolation so to see her out and about playing and having so much fun is just amazing. We don’t take anything for granted and enjoy every single day.
“She has been so strong all the way through it and we just can’t thank everyone who helped enough.”
Andy Watt said the service was proud to add the Croll sisters to the unit.
“This is an exciting time for the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service Anthony Nolan Partnership Group because we have gone from being based in Strathclyde to a national service so there is scope for expanding our work.
“And with the new age range for donations starting at 16, we are launching donor drives in schools.
“Firefighters have heroes, too – and one is Ailsa Croll.”
 