Dundee United forward Mario Bilate hopes to overcome a hamstring injury in time to face Partick Thistle.  Coverage: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland &amp; BBC Sport website
 Dundee United forward Mario Bilate hopes to overcome a hamstring injury in time to face Partick Thistle. 
 On-loan Hull left-back Conor Townsend and centre-back John Souttar are back training but may be short of fitness. Mark Wilson remains out. 
 Belgian centre-back Frederic Frans comes into the Thistle squad. 
 Midfielder Sean Welsh is not ready to feature despite returning to training and reserve team action following a year out with a groin problem. 
 Kallum Higginbotham and Gary Fraser both miss out with knee injuries. 
  Dundee United manager Jackie McNamara:  &quot;We know Thistle are a threat. They are a very hard-working side who've shown what they can do already this season. 
 &quot;So we know it will be a tough game which we will have to focus on 100% to get the three points. 
 &quot;That's what we're obviously going out to get after the disappointment of the Kilmarnock game [the 2-0 defeat] and the manner in which we played. 
 &quot;That's in the past, though, and it's about how we respond, although Partick will try and make life as difficult for us as possible. 
 &quot;It would be nice to get another home win for the fans who've been great again and appreciate what we're trying to do to take the club forward.&quot; 
  Partick Thistle defender Frederic Frans:  &quot;I saw the team tries to play football. Okay, it's Scottish football so it's hard. But the manager really wants to play football and that's what I like. 
 &quot;They always told me it's very physical, but I also like the physical part because I'm big, but I'm happy that they play football. 
 &quot;Even the first day I came in on trial, they acted like I was one of them. They have all been very good to me. I have been to the cinema with a couple of the guys. 
 &quot;It's a really nice city and I can't wait until my wife comes over to show her everything. I'm happy.&quot; 
 