NATHAN Sparling, 24, has given up his job as an assistant at SNP MSP Aileen Campbell's office to star in London as his alter-ego Nancy Clench. MSP's assistant quits politics to pursue career as 7ft-tall drag queen in London - Daily Record AN MSP’s assistant is ditching politics to pursue his career as a 7ft-tall drag queen.
Nathan Sparling spends hours each night transforming into his alter-ego Nancy Clench as he tours Scotland for comedy gigs.
 Now he’s giving up his full-time job as an assistant at SNP MSP Aileen Campbell’s Carluke office to take his act to London. 
Last night, Nathan, of Pollokshields, Glasgow, said: “I can’t see Nancy working in the parliament.”
He added: “It used to be difficult to tell people what I did. I always used to see it as a bit of a laugh, but now it’s easier to say, ‘I’m a drag queen comedian’, because I do it professionally.
“It was funny telling my family. I didn’t tell some of them because I wasn’t sure how they would react.
“My gran and grandad found out through a family member who showed them pictures on Facebook.
“They never said anything, just brought it up in conversation and said, ‘How’s Nancy?’ It took me by surprise.
“Now they sign all my Christmas cards, ‘Dear Nathan and Nancy’ and they come to most of my shows.”
It takes Nathan more than an hour to transform from a politician’s assistant to drag diva.
 

The 24-year-old, who has been pictured with Alex Salmond, shaves, applies his make-up and throws on his ensemble and wig.
He first slipped into his stage persona when he took part in a competition at Edinburgh’s Habana bar five years ago.
From that night he quit his events management course at Edinburgh Napier University and began working as a constituency assistant to fund his dream of performing.
 Nathan said: “I’ve been a political activist for about seven years and I had always wanted a job in  politics. Drag was funding my life for a period of time and then the day job balanced it out.” 
He added: “The majority of my time getting ready is taken on the make-up.
“I’ve got progressively better at that over the years – before I used to look dreadful but now I can pass as a semi-decent drag queen.
“The neighbours used to stare but over the past couple of years it’s become second nature.
“They expect some tall person in heels to emerge from the house.
“My first show in Glasgow I was supposed to do cabaret and I forgot the words to every song - I was still performing at the same venue three years later.”
Campbell said: “I wish Nathan and Nancy well on their move to London. Swapping the Clydesdale constituency office for the city lights will bring new and exciting opportunities.”
Today's quick quiz:

 