Former Celtic boss Neil Lennon has been named as the manager of Championship bottom side Bolton Wanderers. Neil Lennon: Bolton appoint ex-Celtic boss as manager  Former Celtic boss Neil Lennon has been named as the manager of Championship bottom side Bolton Wanderers. 
 Lennon, 43, out of work since leaving Celtic in May after four years in charge, succeeds Dougie Freedman, who left the Trotters earlier this month. 
 Bolton have won only one league game in 11 so far this season. 
 The Northern Irishman officially takes over at Bolton on Monday, with his first match in charge being Saturday's trip to Birmingham City. 
 &quot;I've got a big job on my hands, but that's the challenge,&quot; Lennon told BBC Radio 5 live. &quot;I'm very excited about that. 
 &quot;My objective is to put right the results that have gone against us recently and get them playing a style of football that will please the Bolton fans.&quot; 
 Lennon led Celtic to three league titles and two Scottish Cups and took them to the Champions League last 16. 
 Victory over Barcelona in the group stage of Europe's elite club competition in November 2012 was Lennon's highest-profile achievement at the Glasgow club. 
 &quot;I've left one great club with a great history and I'm going to another club with a great history,&quot; added Lennon. 
Sam Allardyce
October 1999 - April 2007
Sammy Lee
April 2007 - October 2007
Gary Megson
October 2007 - December 2009
Owen Coyle
January 2010 - October 2012
Dougie Freedman
October 2012 - October 2014
 &quot;They are great football people, but they are hurting with the situation the club finds itself in at the minute. They have entrusted me to change that and I am very lucky.&quot; 
 Johan Mjallby, Lennon's number two in Glasgow, also joins the Trotters as assistant manager with Garry Parker, another who served at Celtic Park, arriving as first-team coach. 
 Lennon had last month expressed interest in vacant posts at Bolton's Championship rivals Cardiff City and Fulham. 
 A statement on Bolton's website said:&nbsp; &quot;The club are delighted and excited to appoint Neil Lennon. He brings with him experience at the highest level and an infectious enthusiasm to take the club forward.&quot; 
 Bolton were relegated from the Premier League at the end of the 2011-12 season and have since failed to challenge for promotion from England's second tier, twice finishing outside the play-off places under Freedman. 
 