Motherwell have injury and illness problems to contend with ahead of Dundee's Scottish Premiership visit on Saturday.  Coverage: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland &amp; BBC Sport website
 Motherwell have injury and illness problems to contend with ahead of Dundee's Scottish Premiership visit on Saturday. 
 Manager Stuart McCall revealed he would be missing some unnamed key players but Craig Reid returns from a knee problem. 
 Dundee captain Kevin Thomson returns to the squad for the trip to Fir Park following a calf injury. 
 Simon Ferry is out ill along with injured trio Willie Dyer, Peter MacDonald and Luka Tankulic. 
  Motherwell manager Stuart McCall  : &quot;We've been training hard. We've been in every day this week. Obviously the gaffer was away with Scotland and came back on Wednesday so we trained a little bit later that day to allow him to come back. 
 &quot;We've been working on how we are going to play on Saturday and getting the fitness levels up. 
 &quot;We need to stick together and show the quality we have and start climbing up the table.&quot; 
  Dundee manager Paul Hartley:  &quot;It's a game we're looking forward to. 
 &quot;It's been a long wait since our last game against Aberdeen [the 3-2 home defeat], which we played well in certain parts even though we lost. 
 &quot;So overall we're just very keen to get back playing again. The players have been in good spirits in training all week and have been working hard. I detect they want to give a good account of themselves at Motherwell and hopefully get a positive result. 
 &quot;The mood is good and it's a case of trying to get back to what we were doing before when we were getting some good results. 
 &quot;Motherwell are a good side with some quality players - we know that and there's no way we'll be thinking otherwise. They're capable of big things as they showed last season, but we just have to focus on ourselves first and foremost. 
 &quot;Stuart McCall has done a great job there over the past few seasons even though he's lost some of his best players. That says a lot about them and what they're made of. 
 &quot;For our part, we know what we have to do and we want to keep thing a bit tighter at the back for a start. 
 &quot;We're all in this together, though. We win and lose together as a team and it's all about helping each other as much as possible.&quot; 
 