Trades unionists and anti-poverty campaigners are leading a rally in Glasgow's George Square as the culmination of Challenge Poverty Week. Unions lead Glasgow rally for Challenge Poverty Week Trades unionists and anti-poverty campaigners are leading a rally in Glasgow's George Square as the culmination of Challenge Poverty Week.
Organisers said the event was &quot;at the heart of the battle against austerity and tackling inequality&quot;.
They have called on campaigners to join forces for &quot;a just Scotland&quot; - irrespective of their views on the outcome of the independence referendum.
The STUC said it expected thousands of people to attend Saturday's event.
General secretary Grahame Smith said: &quot;Campaigners from across Scotland will demonstrate our conviction that the rejuvenated focus on fighting economic inequality must continue. 
&quot;We expect that thousands of Scots, irrespective of how they voted in the referendum, will join us.&quot;
He added: &quot;The referendum campaign showed the appetite that exists in Scotland for tackling poverty, for fairer wages and against austerity.
&quot;As the debate over future powers for the Scottish Parliament continues, we must not lose sight of the practical solutions to combating poverty - fair pay and working conditions, a living wage, decent housing and combating fuel poverty.
&quot;It is only right that we should continue to explore how the Scottish Parliament can best be empowered to promote social justice, but it is equally important that we act now.&quot;
Peter Kelly, director of the Poverty Alliance, said he believed the week's events indicated &quot;the strength of purpose and enormous potential in Scotland for getting the policies right to tackle poverty&quot;.
He added: &quot;The march and rally is a fitting culmination to a week in which we have highlighted that more than 800,000 people in Scotland live in low income households.
&quot;In a rich country like ours, this is unnecessary and unacceptable.&quot;
 