GARY visits a city centre restaurant which is making a song and dance in local circles and discovers a showstopping menu backed up by fantastic staff. Gary Ralston's restaurant review: Chaophraya, Nelson Mandela Place, Glasgow - Daily Record THE best restaurant experiences always carry a touch of theatre and the owners of Chaophraya have refused to audition with compromise.
They have transformed the former Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama into the largest Thai restaurant in Europe and, in the process, created a song and dance among diners.
It’s Downton Abbey meets downtown Bangkok in the middle of Buchanan Street, Glasgow, and even the Earl of Grantham would be advised to book a table several days in advance.
There are a string of Chaophraya restaurants across the UK, including George Street in Edinburgh, but this group is as far removed from a chain as Ronald McDonald from a Michelin star.
Several readers have recommended a visit, although when the emails first arrived it was unclear if they were suggesting a restaurant or asking for help with that day’s Countdown conundrum.
Turns out the Chaophraya is a river in Thailand and on the Saturday night we visited its namesake I was joined by Stacey and her partner Martyn, from East Kilbride, who won me in a charity raffle (first prize was a fortnight in Syria) and three people haven’t laughed as much since Ringo Starr submitted his first stab at songwriting.
We met in the Palm Sugar lounge for cocktails and to soak up the atmosphere of a building that started life as the Liberal Club before the luvvies entered stage left in the 1930s to annex it for their Old Athenaeum theatre next door.
It’s a magical townhouse over three floors, with the original features still intact and sympathetically aligned with Thai touches in a fantastic refit in which no expense has been spared.
The upper floor has a warren of private dining rooms and booths and the staff are happy to allow diners to have a nosey on their way to and from the loos.
The main dining area on the first floor, where we ate, is a stunning, high-vaulted room, with floor to ceiling windows and fabulous leather banquettes, comfy padded chairs and a cosy mezzanine.
It was operating to capacity the night we dined but it’s also a spacious eating space and, crucially, there are staff numbers to cope and teamwork to suggest they are in control of all they survey under the eye of mindful management.
Dotted around the room there were lots of wee fat, baldy guys smiling happily, but that’s Glaswegian men and the Scottish diet for you, although the Buddha statues were also glowing golden in the ambience of serenity and well-being.
Thankfully, the food lived up to the atmosphere and Stacey and Martyn went for a starter of tempura prawns, which came in a light batter with a chilli sauce dip and crispy onion rings the size of lifebelts.
They were fried to perfection and my pot of steamed mussels with lemongrass, chilli, shallots, basil, lime and coconut milk also packed an aromatic punch and a subtle kick to the back of the throat.
 

For main course, I went for Weeping Tiger Beef (it’s his own fault, should have behaved in Vegas). It’s the Chaophraya’s signature dish, slices of grilled sirloin served on a sizzling platter and drizzled with a chilli and black bean sauce.
The quality of the meat was terrific – truly, the softest cut that barely needed downward pressure from the knife before it yielded in the tangy sauce.
Stacey went for the roasted duck in a tamarind, a sweet and sour sauce, and topped with shallots, cashew nuts and dried chilli.
She thought the fat trim on the duck was just a little slimy, but not to the detriment of the overall dish. Stacey, a nurse, and Martyn, a policeman, know a wide range of restaurants and dine out regularly, although you wouldn’t know it from their waistlines, lucky so-and-sos.
The food apart, they were impressed by the service, which strode confidently on the right side of that fine balance between attentive and intrusive.
The staff were knowledgeable and the pace between courses spot on.
Martyn has a milder palate so opted for the sauteed sweet and sour chicken, cooked with pineapple, peppers, onions and cherry tomatoes, which was delicious, supplemented by our shared bowls of noodles and fried rice.
Stacey and I rounded off our meals with coffees as Martyn went for dessert. He summoned up memories of the movie Matilda as he got stuck into a slab of rich chocolate fudge cake he reckoned was of Bruce Bogtrotter proportions. Including cocktails, the total bill for three was &pound;150, but with wine and other drinks over dinner it worked out about &pound;35-a-head, which, for this quality, is hard to beat.
We swooped down the grand stairway into the hallway soon after as we bade our farewells, agreeing Chaophraya is a production we’d love to see run and run.
● Got a venue you’d like me to review? Email g.ralston@dailyrecord.co.uk &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
More reviews
 