St Mirren winger Gregg Wylde has been ruled out for a fortnight after undergoing surgery on a groin injury.  Coverage: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland &amp; BBC Sport website
 St Mirren winger Gregg Wylde has been ruled out for a fortnight after undergoing surgery on a groin injury. 
 The former Rangers midfielder will miss Saturday's Scottish Premiership visit of Inverness, but Jeroen Tesselaar and Ellis Plummer could both feature. 
 Former Crystal Palace striker Ibra Sekajja could make his Inverness Caledonian Thistle debut. 
 The 21-year-old joined Caley last week on a short-term deal. Captain Richie Foran remains a long-term absentee. 
  St Mirren manager Tommy Craig:  &quot;I haven't really spoke about this because people can see it as an excuse, but we have had eight new players come into this team. That can take time. 
 &quot;Supporters, though, don't want time. They want results now and rightly so. I'm happy to go along with that. 
 &quot;It does make the job more difficult, however, but maybe now that these guys feel more comfortable at the club they can relax when it comes to the goalscoring stakes. 
 &quot;Consistency has always been our biggest issue but if we can build on these last two results we could find ourselves in mid-table in no time.&quot; 
  Inverness Caledonian Thistle midfielder Ross Draper:  &quot;The break gave us a chance to rebuild as a group. 
 &quot;The majority of the squad have played all the games so it is nice for them to have a breather and we will kick on and go again. 
 &quot;They [St Mirren] are struggling a little bit but they have improved recently. 
 &quot;We watched them in a couple of games they won and the Partick game on the Friday night was a good performance from them. 
 &quot;They sat in, weathered the storm, scored a couple of goals late on and won the game so we know what they are about. 
 &quot;We will be going there to win the game and they will be seeing it as a game where they can pick up points so I think it is going to be a great encounter. 
 &quot;Both teams need the points so hopefully it turns out to be a cracker.&quot; 
 