TRADE Unionists and anti-poverty campaigners joined forces for a rally against poverty in Glasgow's George Square. In pictures: Thousands of workers join rally against poverty in Glasgow's George Square - Daily Record THOUSANDS of workers have taken part in a rally in Glasgow's George Square, calling for an end to austerity to highlight the need for pay to increase.
Organisers in Glasgow called on campaigners to join forces for &quot;a just Scotland&quot; - irrespective of their views on the outcome of the independence referendum.
Public sector workers including teachers, nurses, civil sevants and hospital cleaners marched alongside railway workers, postmen and others from private firms.
Families, pensioners and anti-nuclear activists also took part, while protests were also held in London and Belfast.
Police estimated around 3,500 people attended the event in Glasgow.
The TUC organised the demonstrations under the banner Britain Needs A Pay Rise, following days of industrial action by public sector workers ranging from nurses and midwives to civil servants.
The TUC said people are facing the biggest squeeze on their incomes since Victorian times, adding that average wages have fallen by &pound;50 a week in real terms since 2008.

 
TUC General Secretary Frances O'Grady said there was a massive turnout, sending a strong message to the Government that wages have to increase.
The TUC leader said: &quot;Our message is that after the longest and deepest pay squeeze in recorded history, it's time to end the lock-out that has kept the vast majority from sharing in the economic recovery.
&quot;The average worker is &pound;50 a week worse off than in 2007 and five million earn less than the living wage. Meanwhile, top directors now earn 175 times more than the average worker.
&quot;If politicians wonder why so many feel excluded from the democratic process, they should start with bread and butter living standards.&quot;
Marchers held up giant Union balloons and blew horns and whistles, giving a carnival atmosphere to the protest.
 