FIRST Minister-in-waiting puts some of showbiz’s biggest names to shame by selling 20,000 seats in record time for some of Scotland’s biggest venues. Beyonce, Prince, Rod, Gaga and.. Sturgeon as SNP deputy leader Nicola joins rock stars by packing out the Hydro - Daily Record NICOLA Sturgeon shot to rock star status yesterday after supporters snapped up almost 20,000 seats in record time to see her at some of Scotland’s biggest venues.
It’s a feat that some of showbiz’s biggest names can only dream of.
But the First Minister-in-waiting joined the likes of Beyonce, Lady Gaga and Fleetwood Mac by filling Glasgow’s 12,000-capacity Hydro – and five other venues – within 24 hours of announcing her tour of Scotland.
The SNP deputy leader is hitting the road to rally thousands of new members who have joined the party since the referendum.
Sturgeon announced six dates on Wednesday as she was confirmed as the only candidate to replace Alex Salmond as party leader and First Minister.

But scores of supporters were disappointed yesterday that tickets for roadshows in Glasgow, Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Dundee, Inverness and Dumfries had gone.
SNP membership has rocketed from 25,000 to more than 80,000 since the No vote on September 18. Sturgeon will take her message to 1650 supporters at Edinburgh’s Corn Exchange on October 29 before heading to Easterbrook Hall in Dumfries on October 31 to speak to 700 more.
The next leg takes her to the almost 2000-capacity Caird Hall in Dundee on November 7, and the 1000-seat Eden Court Theatre in Inverness on November 10.
Sturgeon will be confirmed as party leader during the SNP conference in Perth from November 13 to 15.
Parliament will then have to formally endorse her bid to become First Minister.
Sturgeon continues the tour at the SSE Hydro on November 22, finishing in front of an audience of 1350 at Aberdeen Music Hall on December 7.
The SNP yesterday confirmed that the free tickets had gone within 24 hours and said another 1700 were set to be snapped up through waiting lists for all venues.
 

Sturgeon said her tour would “set the template for the kind of First Minister I want to be – open, accessible and determined to work with others across the political divide to find common cause and build a better country”.
But Scottish Tory MSP Alex Johnstone branded it a “vanity trip”.
Only the world’s biggest stars can boast selling out the Hydro within a day.
Rod Stewart was first to claim the accolade with tickets for the opening night on September 30 gone in minutes
Tickets for Beyonce’s 2013 Mrs Carter Show at the Hydro went in 10 minutes and there was similar demand for Prince’s May gig.
Lady Gaga, who performs at the venue tomorrow, added another Hydro date in May when seats for the initial date sold in minutes.
Oasis legend Noel Gallagher’s Hydro date next March with his band High Flying Birds sold out as soon as it went on sale yesterday.
Glasgow comic Kevin Bridges added a 13th Hydro date to his 2015 tour this week due to a massive demand for tickets.
SNP supporters took to Twitter after tickets for Sturgeon’s roadshow vanished yesterday.
Tom wrote: “Nicola Sturgeon event at 12,000-seat Hydro sold out before even getting a chance to book. Cor blimey.”
Francis said: “More folk on my Facebook want to see Nicola Sturgeon at the Hydro than Lady Gaga.”
And Katie tweeted: “SNP have sold out The Hydro. Are they going to add as many dates as Kevin Bridges?”
 