POLICE have been alerted to an abduction ring operating in Glasgow after two mums came forward about similar terrifying ordeals in Tesco and Asda. Terrified mums alert police after supermarket snatch gangs trailed by suspicious duo of abduction ring - Daily Record TWO terrified mums say they were targeted by a child abduction gang as they took their kids shopping.
Police are investigating claims a woman was stalked by two men in an Asda branch in Linwood, Renfrewshire, on Tuesday.
The pair are said to have ran off after being challenged by security staff before being driven away in a van with foreign number plates.
After details of the incident emerged on social media, another mum contacted the Sunday Mail and revealed she had been targeted in a similar incident in February.
She said she was followed by two men, who she described as “middle Eastern appearance” as she shopped with her three-year-old daughter at the Tesco store in Springburn, Glasgow.
The woman said: “I noticed these two men following me and staring at my daughter. I was so alarmed I placed her between myself and the shopping trolley.
“I kept seeing them round the store. I couldn’t get away from them.
“They were staring at my daughter with no focus on me. I was 100 per cent convinced they were going to try to take her.
“My husband was in another part of the store and I was frantically texting him, telling him to come and find me.
“The two guys separated and as I walked into the tea and coffee aisle, I saw one come from behind me while the other walked towards me.
 

“At that point my husband appeared and the two of them walked away.
“My husband is usually quite sceptical but he was convinced it was sinister.
“I told police the next day and they took a statement but I have heard nothing since.”
The second incident happened on Tuesday afternoon as a 27-year-old mum was shopping with her newborn baby and three-year-old son at Asda in Linwood. As they moved around the store, she realised they were being followed by two men.
She alerted security and the men ran out of the shop and jumped into a van with blacked-out windows which had another man sitting in the back.
The terrified woman had to contact family members to take her home as she was too shaken to drive.
She later said: “It was a very frightening experience. I am waiting on the police to get back to me.”
Police Scotland confirmed they were investigating the woman’s complaint but could not find any record of a crime report for the Springburn incident. A spokesman said: “We received a complaint following an incident at the Phoenix Retail Centre, Linwood, on October 14 and inquiries are ongoing.”
Investigators are studying CCTV from the supermarket and surrounding area in a bid to trace the gang.
Police have warned parents to be on alert after reports of men acting suspiciously towards children.
The warning came after three incidents were reported to Greater Manchester Police on Friday, including a man approaching youngsters in the Abbey Hey area just before 4pm.
An hour later, two men in a car told an 11-year-old girl who was out jogging that they had been sent to take her home. And at 7.10pm, a man was spotted taking picturesof young girls in Clayton Memorial Park.
Detective Inspector Mark Hudson said: “Thankfully, no attempt has been made to grab or physically harm any of the children.
&quot;But these incidents act as a reminder that children should not talk to strangers and I would encourage parents to talk to their kids about this and to stress that if they are approached in this manner, to walk away and tell an adult.”
 