THE Celtic icon was joined by stars from the world of showbiz as he marked five years since he was diagnosed with life-threatening testicular cancer. Video: John Hartson hosts star-studded ball in Glasgow to raise funds for his cancer foundation - Daily Record 
CELTIC legend John Hartson has spoken of his admiration for the medics who saved his life and allowed him to see his children grow up after he was diagnosed with cancer five years ago.
Hartson spoke as he hosted a star-studded ball in Glasgow to raise funds for his cancer charity.
The first John Hartson Foundation ball was held in the Thistle Hotel on Saturday night and marks five years since the 39-year-old’s life-threatening battle with testicular cancer.
Scots screen stars Gary Hollywood – who plays Dino in smash hit comedy Mrs Brown’s Boys – and BAFTA award-winning Morvern Callar actress Kathleen McDermott are MCs at the sell-out gala.
Line of Duty star Martin Compston and Los Angeles-based Scots actor and producer Gianni Capaldi, whose films include action-packed dramas Hard Rush and Blood of Redemption, are among the celebrities attending.
Westlife heart-throb Brian McFadden, and X Factor’s Nicholas McDonald are among the line-up entertaining John and his 520 guests.
John said: “This means so much to me to see so many people turning out to support my foundation.
Just over five years ago I had my own cancer battle and I feel very blessed that I got through it.
“Many people don’t, and I feel privileged that thanks to the amazing work of the doctors and nurses who saved me, I was able to get through it and enjoy seeing my five children grow up.
“This is the third major fundraising event we’ve had in Scotland this year, and follows our golf day and BraveHart Ben Nevis Challenge and I’ve been overwhelmed by the support we’ve had from all the people who have worked so hard to raise money for us, not just as those events but by doing their own fundraising.
“These range from young schoolchildren to individuals who have done daring challenges like skydiving for us and I’d like to thank every one of them. Every penny raised helps us make a difference.”
Martin and Gary are both patrons of the foundation – whose testicular cancer awareness campaign is called Grab Life by the Balls –&nbsp; along with Celtic legend Murdo MacLeod.
Gary said: “I’m delighted to be able to continue support the foundation tonight as it’s a cause very close to my heart.”
Martin has kindly donated the jacket he wore in one of his best-known movie roles as Glasgow underworld boss Paul Ferris in The Wee Man for the live auction.
A donation from the proceeds of tonight’s event will be made to Children’s Hospice Association Scotland’s Robin House, Balloch.
Try today's quick quiz:

 