SHOCKED by the statistics that reveal around 25 per cent of children in the UK living in poverty, JOHN wonders what happened to the family mantra of "do better and make more of yourself than we have". John Niven: Make more of your life? Soon many kids won't get the chance - John Niven - Daily Record IF, LIKE me, you routinely fool yourself into thinking that society is generally, if slowly, moving forwards, then there was sobering news last week when the campaign group End Child Poverty released figures showing that around 25 per cent of children in the UK are now living in poverty.
Within this figure there are shocking regional variations. In parts of inner London – the same London of the glittering financial city and record house prices – 49 per cent of children are living below the poverty line.
In Glasgow it’s 33 per cent.
What is the definition of poverty? It’s hard to argue with the one given by Peter Townsend, the sociologist who helped set up the Child Poverty Action Group.
He said: “Individuals, families and groups in the population can be said to be in poverty when they lack the resources to obtain the type of diet, participate in the activities and have the living conditions and amenities which are customary, or at least widely encouraged and approved, in the societies in which they belong.”
You think about the problems we have in this country from poor diet.
And about the report earlier this year that showed that, with rail fares and food prices, a day trip to the seaside is now well beyond the reach of many working class families.
And you think about the impact this kind of poverty has upon education.
By the age of three, children living in poverty are likely to be nine months behind those from more privileged backgrounds.
By the end of primary school, they will be three whole terms behind their wealthier peers. This grows to five terms by the age of 14, resulting in the inevitable gulf in exam results at the age of 16. And then what?

These children see their futures shrink before them – narrowing to a grey cone of unemployment, temporary jobs, zero-hour contracts, low pay/no pay jobs. The kind of jobs the Government love, as they (technically) take people off the unemployment figures and out of the welfare system while providing (nearly) free labour and increased profits for enormous corporations.
Meanwhile the workers are only marginally better off than they would be within the welfare system.
I come from a working class family. My father was an electrician to trade. He left education at 15 but he always told me: read books and work hard at school. If I got a C he would always wonder why it hadn’t been a B. Why couldn’t a B have been an A?
When my papa, my father’s father and a blacksmith for much of his life, was dying I was about 13.
My dad took me into his bedroom (I recall it still, the curtains drawn, the sick, sleepy half-light) and the three of us talked.
“What should young John do when he grows up?” I remember my dad asking him. “Should he be an electrician like me?”
They both laughed as my papa shook his head. (My uselessness in any practical field was already a matter of family legend.)
“Should he be a blacksmith?” Dad asked. The headshake was fiercer this time and there were tears in his eyes. “No,” he said. “Not this one.”
Of course, what my father and grandfather were both saying is what working class families have said down the generations for years: Do better. Make more of your life than we have.
We are in the process of raising a generation for whom this kind of talk will increasingly resemble not so much a motivational speech as the stuff of pure fantasy.
We will all be poorer for it.

 