MARK BENNETT was a double try hero as Warriors ran in five tries past English giants Bath in their European Champions Cup opener. Glasgow 37 Bath 10: Warriors fire Euro warning as Toony's rampant raiders pull plug on Bath - Daily Record RAMPANT Glasgow ran in five tries as they flushed Bath down the drain at Scotstoun.
The English giants had no answer to the pace, poise and invention of Gregor Townsend’s troops, whose superiority earned a precious bonus point in the Champions Cup showdown.
Skipper Henry Pyrgos shrugged off his own stunning display to hail the Warriors wonder boys.
The scrum half, who was man of the match, said: “It was so important to transfer our league form to the bigger stage.
“It also means a lot to us that we produced this type of performance on our own turf and in front of our amazing fans.
“We have been successful in the Pro12 over the past few years but we haven’t been able to cut it in Europe.
“We are in a really tough pool and now we need to back it up when we go to Montpellier.
“I was chuffed to get the award but I have to hand the credit to the guys in the pack because they made my job much easier.”

Warriors quickly shoved the visitors back 30 metres with an impressive rolling maul. But the good work was spoiled as Pete Horne sent his lob out of play.
Bath claimed a front-row penalty at the first scrum and George Ford edged his side in front.
But Glasgow struck in the 11th minute thanks to a superb try by centre Mark Bennett – a week after he was carried off unconscious against Ulster. Dunky Weir added the extras.
Bath restored their advantage thanks to a howler by Stuart Hogg. He spilled a steepler from Ford, the loose ball being hacked on and caught by Jonathan Joseph, who was left with an amble to the line. Ford put further points on the board.
Warriors repaired some of the damage with a Weir penalty before he hit the target again from further out. Most of the 7000 fans were on their feet on the half hour as Sean Maitland crashed over.
Leone Nakarawa should have bagged a third soon after but the ball was knocked out his grasp.
Then a quick free-kick by Pyrgos caught Bath off guard – setting up Hogg to send Tommy Seymour over.
Weir fired wide then crashed a penalty against a post but Warriors looked equally hungry after the restart. Chris Fusaro piled over – only for ref Jerome Garces to rule it out for a knock-on by Dan van der Merwe.
But super sub Niko Matawalu pounced for the bonus try, Weir goaled to make the gap 20 points and then repeated the dose after Bennett grabbed try No.5.

 