Rangers ensured Hearts' lead at the top of the Championship remained in single figures with a largely comfortable victory over Raith Rovers.    McCulloch 8′  Law 36′  Miller 55′  Boyd 63′  Daly 84′, 90′  
  Scott 54′  
 Rangers ensured Hearts' lead at the top of the Championship remained in single figures with a largely comfortable victory over Raith Rovers. 
 It was one of the Ibrox side's more fluent performances of the season. 
 A Lee McCulloch header and Nicky Law shot on the turn got the ball rolling. 
 Martin Scott pulled a goal back at the start of the second half but Kenny Miller drilled in Rangers' third, Kris Boyd curled in a fourth and Jon Daly rounded things off. 
 Manager Ally McCoist had described the 4-0 win against the same opponents at Stark's Park earlier this season as Rangers' best of the season, but the return fixture at Ibrox might also now be a contender. 
 Against a backdrop of continuing off-field headlines over who may or may not be buying into the financially-stricken outfit, the Rangers players managed to concentrate on the job in hand. 
 Central to most of what was good about their play was the figure of Lewis MacLeod, who continues to stand out as a beacon of hope. 
 It was he who curled in the corner for McCulloch's flashing close-range header, which opened the scoring for the home side. 
 He continued to dictate the tempo for Ally McCoist's side, seemingly dragging his team-mates' performances up as he did so. 
 It was a spot of quick-thinking from Boyd that brought about Rangers' second. The striker was fouled and took the free-kick immediately, finding Miller, who in turn picked out the run of Law. 
 The Englishman pirouetted and fired the ball past Ross Laidlaw to give Rangers a cushion as they went into the break. 
 But just as Rangers were looking comfortable, Raith Rovers threatened a comeback as Grant Anderson nodded across goal and Scott's header was too powerful for Steve Simonsen to keep out. 
 That just riled Rangers though and Miller went straight up the other end to drive in from close range and restore the two-goal lead. 
 Then Boyd ended his wait for a league goal this season, with some considerable help from the goalkeeper, who somehow let his curled shot through his grasp and into the net. 
 The strength of Rangers' squad was underlined as they brought on Daly, Nicky Clark and David Templeton as substitutes and Daly added two to the goal tally, twice getting on the end of Richard Foster crosses to cap a very impressive display. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Rangers 6, Raith Rovers 1. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Rangers 6, Raith Rovers 1. 
  Goal!  Goal! Rangers 6, Raith Rovers 1. Jon Daly (Rangers) left footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Richard Foster. 
 Attempt saved. Lewis Vaughan (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Ian Black (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Raith Rovers. Ross Perry replaces Laurie Ellis because of an injury. 
 Nicky Clark (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Rory McKeown (Raith Rovers). 
  Goal!  Goal! Rangers 5, Raith Rovers 1. Jon Daly (Rangers) right footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Richard Foster. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Raith Rovers. Lewis Vaughan replaces Ryan Conroy. 
 Attempt missed. Ryan Conroy (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right from a direct free kick. 
  Booking  Richard Foster (Rangers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Richard Foster (Rangers). 
 Grant Anderson (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Lee McCulloch (Rangers) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Jason Thomson. 
 Attempt saved. David Templeton (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Ian Black (Rangers). 
 Martin Scott (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt blocked. Nicky Clark (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Raith Rovers. Ross Callachan replaces Liam Fox. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Rangers. David Templeton replaces Lewis Macleod. 
 Attempt missed. Fraser Aird (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Attempt saved. Fraser Aird (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Rangers. Nicky Clark replaces Kenny Miller. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Rangers. Jon Daly replaces Kris Boyd. 
 Attempt missed. Ryan Conroy (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is too high from a direct free kick. 
 Foul by Lee McCulloch (Rangers). 
 Mark Stewart (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt saved. Kris Boyd (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Paul Watson. 
 Attempt blocked. Kris Boyd (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. 
  Goal!  Goal! Rangers 4, Raith Rovers 1. Kris Boyd (Rangers) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt blocked. Ryan Conroy (Raith Rovers) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Attempt saved. Kenny Miller (Rangers) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Ian Black (Rangers). 
 Martin Scott (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Lewis Macleod (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt saved. Kenny Miller (Rangers) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
  Goal!  Goal! Rangers 3, Raith Rovers 1. Kenny Miller (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Kris Boyd. 
  Goal!  Goal! Rangers 2, Raith Rovers 1. Martin Scott (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Grant Anderson. 
 Attempt missed. Lewis Macleod (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt saved. Kevin Moon (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Fraser Aird (Rangers). 
 Grant Anderson (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Attempt missed. Jason Thomson (Raith Rovers) header from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Raith Rovers. Conceded by Darren McGregor. 
 Foul by Kris Boyd (Rangers). 
 Rory McKeown (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
   Second Half begins Rangers 2, Raith Rovers 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Rangers 2, Raith Rovers 0. 
 Corner, Raith Rovers. Conceded by Fraser Aird. 
 Foul by Darren McGregor (Rangers). 
 Mark Stewart (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Lee Wallace (Rangers) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Paul Watson (Raith Rovers). 
 Attempt missed. Lewis Macleod (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Goal!  Goal! Rangers 2, Raith Rovers 0. Nicky Law (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Kenny Miller. 
 Lewis Macleod (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kevin Moon (Raith Rovers). 
 Foul by Lewis Macleod (Rangers). 
 Ryan Conroy (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Paul Watson (Raith Rovers) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left following a corner. 
 Corner, Raith Rovers. Conceded by Lee Wallace. 
 Foul by Ian Black (Rangers). 
 Mark Stewart (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Booking  Kevin Moon (Raith Rovers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Fraser Aird (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kevin Moon (Raith Rovers). 
 Attempt saved. Laurie Ellis (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Grant Anderson (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Lewis Macleod (Rangers). 
 Attempt missed. Darren McGregor (Rangers) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Liam Fox. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Rory McKeown. 
 Corner, Raith Rovers. Conceded by Lee Wallace. 
 Attempt missed. Paul Watson (Raith Rovers) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, Raith Rovers. Conceded by Steve Simonsen. 
 Attempt saved. Grant Anderson (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt blocked. Grant Anderson (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Foul by Lee McCulloch (Rangers). 
 Martin Scott (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Attempt saved. Nicky Law (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Kenny Miller (Rangers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Paul Watson (Raith Rovers). 
 Attempt missed. Lee Wallace (Rangers) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Rory McKeown. 
 Attempt missed. Ryan Conroy (Raith Rovers) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high from a direct free kick. 
 Foul by Lee McCulloch (Rangers). 
 Martin Scott (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Fraser Aird (Rangers) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt saved. Kris Boyd (Rangers) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top right corner. 
 Attempt saved. Kris Boyd (Rangers) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Ian Black (Rangers). 
 Martin Scott (Raith Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Rangers 1, Raith Rovers 0. Lee McCulloch (Rangers) header from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Lewis Macleod with a cross following a corner. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Jason Thomson. 
 Attempt saved. Kenny Miller (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Attempt blocked. Grant Anderson (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Raith Rovers. Conceded by Richard Foster. 
 Attempt blocked. Grant Anderson (Raith Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Kenny Miller (Rangers) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Jason Thomson (Raith Rovers). 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 