A glut of goals ensured Hearts maintained their unbeaten record at the top of the Scottish Championship.    Sow 26′  Buaben 40′ (pen)  Holt 56′  Paterson 84′  King 88′  
  Fleming 73′  
 A glut of goals ensured Hearts maintained their unbeaten record at the top of the Scottish Championship. 
 Osman Sow's header, Prince Buaben's penalty, Jason Holt's strike, a Callum Paterson header and Billy King's shot gave the hosts a very comfortable win. 
 Garry Fleming volleyed in for the visitors when Dumbarton were down by three. 
 Victory keeps the Tynecastle side nine points clear of Rangers in Scotland's second tier. 
 Sow started proceedings when he nodded home a Paterson cross. The quality of the delivery certainly helped the striker score his eighth goal of the season. 
 Number two came after King had been bundled to the ground just inside the box. Buaben stepped up and, although Danny Rogers managed to get a hand on the ball, he could not stop it from crossing the line. 
 Sow was replaced at the break by Holt and the youngster was quick to find the net for Hearts' third. 
 He found himself with plenty of time and space 25 yards from goal and fired the ball low into the corner. 
 Sam Nicholson's shot crashed off the crossbar and King had an effort that flew inches wide. 
 Fleming reduced the deficit with a neat volley from 10 yards out, firing home a headed knock-down by Colin Nish. 
 But the home side reacted well and Paterson nodded in King's corner. 
 And the hosts' fifth came when King hammered home a shot from just outside the 18-yard box. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Heart of Midlothian 5, Dumbarton 1. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Heart of Midlothian 5, Dumbarton 1. 
 Attempt saved. Jason Holt (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Morgaro Gomis (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton). 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Adam Eckersley. 
  Goal!  Goal! Heart of Midlothian 5, Dumbarton 1. Billy King (Heart of Midlothian) left footed shot from the right side of the box to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Callum Paterson. 
 Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Miguel Pallard&oacute; (Heart of Midlothian). 
  Goal!  Goal! Heart of Midlothian 4, Dumbarton 1. Callum Paterson (Heart of Midlothian) header from very close range to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Billy King with a cross following a corner. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Danny Rogers. 
 Attempt saved. Adam Eckersley (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt saved. Mitchel Megginson (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Andy Graham (Dumbarton) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right following a corner. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Neil Alexander. 
 Attempt saved. Kieran MacDonald (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jason Holt (Heart of Midlothian). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Steven McDougall replaces Jordan Kirkpatrick. 
 Foul by Garry Fleming (Dumbarton). 
 Adam Eckersley (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Jamie Walker replaces Sam Nicholson. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Archie Campbell replaces Colin Nish. 
  Goal!  Goal! Heart of Midlothian 3, Dumbarton 1. Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Colin Nish following a corner. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Alim Ozturk. 
 Attempt missed. Adam Eckersley (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Scott Linton. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Andy Graham. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Miguel Pallard&oacute; replaces Prince Buaben. 
 Attempt missed. Billy King (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt blocked. Adam Eckersley (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Scott Linton. 
 Attempt saved. Callum Paterson (Heart of Midlothian) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Foul by Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton). 
 Billy King (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Kieran MacDonald replaces Scott Agnew. 
 Attempt missed. Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Scott Agnew (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high from a direct free kick. 
 Foul by Morgaro Gomis (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Mitchel Megginson (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Prince Buaben. 
  Goal!  Goal! Heart of Midlothian 3, Dumbarton 0. Jason Holt (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Alim Ozturk. 
 Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) hits the bar with a right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Mark Gilhaney. 
 Foul by Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian). 
 David van Zanten (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Alim Ozturk. 
 Attempt blocked. Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) right footed shot from long range on the right is blocked. 
 Attempt missed. Jason Holt (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Colin Nish (Dumbarton) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
   Second Half begins Heart of Midlothian 2, Dumbarton 0. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Jason Holt replaces Osman Sow. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Heart of Midlothian 2, Dumbarton 0. 
 Attempt saved. Soufian El Hassnaoui (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from very close range is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by David van Zanten. 
 Attempt blocked. Billy King (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is blocked. 
  Booking  Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Attempt missed. Osman Sow (Heart of Midlothian) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right following a set piece situation. 
 Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Garry Fleming (Dumbarton). 
  Goal!  Goal! Heart of Midlothian 2, Dumbarton 0. Prince Buaben (Heart of Midlothian) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner. 
 Penalty Heart of Midlothian. Billy King draws a foul in the penalty area. 
 Penalty conceded by Scott Linton (Dumbarton) after a foul in the penalty area. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Jordan McGhee. 
 Mitchel Megginson (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Morgaro Gomis (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Osman Sow (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by David van Zanten (Dumbarton). 
 Foul by Morgaro Gomis (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Mitchel Megginson (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Morgaro Gomis (Heart of Midlothian). 
 David van Zanten (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Attempt missed. Andy Graham (Dumbarton) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left following a corner. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Neil Alexander. 
 Attempt saved. Andy Graham (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Attempt blocked. Colin Nish (Dumbarton) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. 
  Goal!  Goal! Heart of Midlothian 1, Dumbarton 0. Osman Sow (Heart of Midlothian) header from very close range to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Callum Paterson with a cross. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by David van Zanten. 
  Booking  Colin Nish (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Alim Ozturk (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Colin Nish (Dumbarton). 
 Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Colin Nish (Dumbarton). 
 Attempt missed. Osman Sow (Heart of Midlothian) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
 Hand ball by David van Zanten (Dumbarton). 
 Andy Graham (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Soufian El Hassnaoui (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Foul by Callum Paterson (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Colin Nish (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Attempt blocked. Osman Sow (Heart of Midlothian) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Attempt missed. Sam Nicholson (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt blocked. Billy King (Heart of Midlothian) header from the right side of the box is blocked. 
 Soufian El Hassnaoui (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Colin Nish (Dumbarton). 
 Attempt saved. Billy King (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Soufian El Hassnaoui (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton). 
 Billy King (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Scott Linton (Dumbarton). 
 Attempt missed. Jordan McGhee (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by Scott Taggart. 
 Foul by Callum Paterson (Heart of Midlothian). 
 Andy Graham (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Heart of Midlothian. Conceded by David van Zanten. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 