WITH a lifetime of thrills and spills from 40 years on the road and 200 million album sales propping up the bank, AC/DC brothers Malcolm and Angus Young have reached a poignant point on the Highway to Hell. Writer hails AC/DC rockers as home city credited with forging their metal is urged to recognise them - Daily Record THEY'RE the brothers from one of Glasgow’s toughest areas who took the Highway to Hell and rock‘n’roll superstardom.
After 40 years on the road with AC/DC, 200million record sales and a lifetime of shared thrills, rockers Malcolm and Angus Young have hit a crossroads.
The family of guitarist and songwriter Malcolm, 61, last week confirmed he would not be returning to the band he set up in 1973 and was instead receiving treatment for dementia.
Meanwhile, his younger brother and co-founder Angus, 59, will join the remaining members – plus his nephew Steve Young – on a world tour to promote the band’s latest album, Rock or Bust.
A new book has now revealed the truth about the enduring relationship between the brothers who led their band to the top with hits such as Whole Lotta Rosie, Let There Be Rock and Highway to Hell.
To author Jesse Fink, it’s time to start seeing some official recognition of the brothers’ achievements in their native Glasgow, where they lived before emigrating to Australia in 1963.
The Sydney-based writer said: “Now that Malcolm’s illness has been revealed I’m sure we’ll see a lot more tributes to him. Maybe something will be done for the Youngs in Glasgow.
“People I’ve spoken to about them always say the relationship between the brothers is very Scottish. They protect their own and they’re very suspicious of outsiders.
 

“Many of their most famous gigs were at the Apollo in Glasgow.”
The rockers spent their early life in the Cranhill and Royston area of the city’s east end and during a trip back to Scotland for a sell-out gig at Hampden in 2009, Angus, 53, revisited his childhood home.
He took his Dutch wife Ellen to Cranhill and joked that he wanted to rename the area “Angusland” and paint the famous AC/DC lightning bolt logo on the white water tower which dominates the skyline. He told the Sunday Mail: “I might drive up to the water tower and put my flag up. It would be just like the Hollywood sign.”
Glasgow councillor Frank Docherty reckons the tower would be an ideal tribute to the Youngs.
He said: “I put the band forward for a Lord Provost Award this year and was unsuccessful. But I don’t plan to give up trying to find a way to recognise what they’ve achieved.
“They are an inspiration to young people here who think that things like this don’t happen to ordinary people
“They lived in the shadow of the water tower and would have seen it every day. I think it would be a perfect with the AC/DC logo on it.”
Moves are also underway to erect a statue in the Angus town of Kirriemuir in memory of former AC/DC frontman Bon Scott, whose family lived there before moving Down Under.
Superfan Fink has just published the UK version of his biography of the band – The Youngs: The Brothers Who Built AC/DC. Originally released in Australia, it has been updated to bring in Malcolm’s illness, a detail Fink had left out through respect for the musician’s privacy.
 

He said: “It’s not the way Malcolm Young should have gone out of music. He should have gone out on top.
“He was the boss of the band, the leader. A lot of people thought AC/DC wouldn’t go on without him but it’s a sign of their determination that they recorded this new album and they’re planning the world tour.
“They certainly wouldn’t have done that without the blessing of Malcolm and his family.
“They all see AC/DC as a family business – that’s why Steven was brought in to replace Malcolm.
“There are so many people champing at the bit to see the band but it could well be the last time they tour.
“I think a lot of fans around the world are acutely aware of that.”
Millions of devoted fans still believe the Youngs changed their lives.
Fink admits he’s one of them. The grounding for the book was formed in the aftermath of his divorce while he was battling severe depression.
He said: “It was 2am on a Saturday and I was feeling despondent, thinking how has my life come to this?
“I was in a horrible flat, I was missing my family – my daughter and my wife – and I felt suicidal.
“Instead of doing something stupid, I put on iTunes. I put on Powerage, an AC/DC album from 1978.
 

“There was this song called Gimme a Bullet and Bon Scott was singing about a woman he couldn’t have and these fantastic guitars kept building and building to a pure wall of power.
“It totally energised me. It made me feel good and it essentially saved my life that night.
“The next day I went for a job and I bought all the AC/DC albums. I felt like I got my life back through music.”
The Young family are notoriously protective of their privacy and don’t contribute to biographies so Fink feared the reaction when he bumped into Malcolm’s son Ross at a gig after the release of his book.
He said: “I was expecting the hairdryer treatment but he was very sweet and polite.
“He told me his dad had read it and enjoyed it. I couldn’t ask for any more than that to be honest.”
Not that the book is a glowing eulogy to the biggest grossing rock band of all time.
Fink reveals some less than flattering memories, like the treatment of American designer Gerard Huerta who created the band’s iconic logo.
He was only paid a one-off fee for its use on the international debut album, High Voltage, but his work has been used by the band ever since, without earning him a penny in royalties. Then there’s the case of former bassist – Mark Evans – who was unceremoniously dumped from the band’s induction into the Rock’n’Roll Hall of Fame.

And ex-session drummer Tony Currenti who played on several of the breakthrough hits but appears to have been airbrushed out of the band’s history.
Fink said: “He is the main drummer on High Voltage but he never got credit on any of the records.
“I really hope that through this book fans in the UK get to hear his story because he’s definitely part of it.”
The tragic turn in the band’s fortunes, with Malcolm Young’s illness, may yet prove to be the beginning of the end of the world tours and album releases but the fans are not about to let AC/DC fade away. Fink has been inundated with messages from fellow fans.
He said: “I’ve had messages from drug addicts, war veterans, amputees, people dealing with infidelity or some other family crisis.
“They’re people who are really lonely and don’t feel they have anything in their lives other than the power of AC/DC’s music.
“In the process of researching the book, I found a photo of a Buddhist monk in the Himalayas who was wearing an AC/DC T-shirt beneath his robes.
“That’s the global appeal of AC/DC and it really comes back to the genius of the Young brothers.
“I don’t think there will ever be another guitar duo like them.”
Try today's showbiz quiz:

 