A PIANIST who harassed the best-selling author Janice Galloway has walked free from court after it was claimed he posed no danger to the public Janice Galloway’s ex-lover walks free from court A PIANIST who harassed the best-selling author Janice Galloway has walked free from court after it was claimed he posed no danger to the public.

Graeme McNaught, 54, of Mount Vernon, Glasgow, was put on trial at Hamilton Sheriff Court and faced five charges of acting in a threatening and abusive manner and placing Miss Galloway in a state of fear and alarm.
• Keep up to date with all aspects of Scottish life with The Scotsman iPhone app, completely free to download and use.
Miss Galloway and McNaught had previously been in a relationship after meeting in 1990 and having a six year on-off relationship during which their son James, 22, was born.
The two week trial had seen Miss Galloway, her son James, and her husband Jonathan May all give evidence.
Miss Galloway, 58, of Uddingston, Lanarkshire, had broken down in tears as she told how she feared being a victim of ‘revenge porn’ after McNaught said he had naked photos of her pregnant and planned to show them at an art exhibition.
Concerns over McNaught’s mental health had seen the trial halted and Sheriff Ray Small conducted an examination of facts before he ruled McNaught had carried out the offences.
McNaught returned to court on Monday and was told he would not be subject to further punishments despite prosecutors asking for him to put under a court order not to contact Miss Galloway.
Depute Imran Bashir said: “Contact has been made by Mr McNaught to Miss Galloway, Jonathan May and James McNaught on the social media site LinkedIn.
“I say this to bring the full picture to the court.
“The police have investigated but enquiries are still pending.”
Lawyer Desmond Ziolo said: “I believe a non-harassment order in this case would be wrong and I oppose the Crown motion.
“I should say to the court that I have also received an emailed message from Mr McNaught about LinkedIn but I do not use that particular site.
“I believe that in this case no formal court order is required.
“I say this on the basis that the three reports agree that he poses no risk to himself or the public and clearly I would be supporting that position and would ask you make no order in respect of Mr McNaught.”
Sheriff Small said: “Much evidence was led before the trial was stopped when I became concerned about the deterioration of your mental health.
“I discharged the jury as the law states I have to and we proceeded with an examination of facts after which I was satisfied that you did carry out the acts.
“I now have to dispose of the case and have read three reports and they all say the same thing that there is no need for an order.
“That is the understanding that you keep in contact with the mental health group you are attending on a voluntary basis for support and that if they notice a change in your mental health they can take action themselves.
“The Crown have asked for a non-harassment order but an examination of facts means there is no conviction and I can only make such an order if there is a conviction.
“In terms of this case, I make no order.”
 