POLICE are hunting a fancy dress gang who carried out a brutal city centre assault which left two men in hospital Fancy dress Glasgow gang inflict ‘brutal’ assault POLICE are hunting a fancy dress gang who carried out a brutal city centre assault which left two men in hospital.

The seven men - one who was dressed as Robin Hood and another who was wearing a blonde Heidi wig - launched the unprovoked attack in the early hours of Sunday.
• Keep up to date with all aspects of Scottish life with The Scotsman iPhone app, completely free to download and use.
The victims, men aged 31 and 33, were punched and kicked at Renfield Street, near Renfield Lane, in Glasgow city centre at about 3.15am.
They sustained serious injuries including cuts to their heads and were taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary by ambulance.
They were later discharged following treatment.
Following the attack, the group of suspects made off towards Buchanan Street Bus Station where they entered an old black hackney taxi at 3.46am.
The suspects are described as white, Scottish, in their late 20s or early 30s, and of medium build with one man being of heavy build.
Four men wore dark tops and jeans, one male was wearing a yellow t-shirt, another was wearing a white cardigan with dark sleeves and the final man was wearing a light t-shirt. 
One of the attackers in dark clothing was also wearing a green Robin Hood-type hat with a red feather at the left hand side.
Another of the gang was wearing a Heidi-type blonde wig with plaits on either side.
Detective Constable David Copeland, Stewart Street CID, said: “This was an unprovoked attack on two men by a much larger group which has left the victims with serious injuries.
“This type of activity on what seems to be a night out cannot be tolerated. We seek the assistance of the public in tracking down those responsible.
“I am particularly keen to trace the driver of the hackney taxi who picked up five of the suspects, including the suspects in costume, from a taxi rank at Buchanan Street Bus Station at 0346 hours.
“Anyone with information is asked to contact police at Stewart Street on 101. Alternatively please contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be passed in confidence.”
 