Graeme McNaught, 54, left court without conviction after facing five charges of acting in a threatening and abusive towards his ex-lover Janice. Janice Galloway fears stalker ex will continue harassment after escaping conviction - Daily Record A SCOTS novelist described her “dismay” after her stalker ex walked free from court.
Bestselling writer Janice Galloway said she fears concert pianist Graeme McNaught is now “free to continue his harassment” of her family.
McNaught, 54, had gone on trial charged with five counts of acting in a threatening and abusive towards his ex-lover Janice.
But his trial at Hamilton Sheriff Court was halted after concerns were raised over his mental health.
Sheriff Ray Small later said he was “satisfied” the musician had harassed Janice. But as he hadn’t been convicted, he couldn’t ban McNaught from going near her.
Janice hit out at the decision, saying: “I am extremely let down by this present state of affairs. A great many other women must be, too.
“I am extremely dismayed and, given that the police in Scotland are presently attempting to press for greater justice for victims of stalking, shocked that Sheriff Small is left with no legal option to enforce any kind of order, despite his judgment upon the findings that Graeme McNaught did indeed commit the acts of harassment (stalking) with which he was charged.
“It must be the case that I am not the only woman in this position.”
The court heard that McNaught, of Mount Vernon, Glasgow, had a six-year on-off relationship with the writer after meeting in 1990. They also had a 22-year-old son, James.
Janice, 58, her husband Jonathan May and James all gave evidence during McNaught’s two-week trial.
The writer – of Uddingston, Lanarkshire – broke down in tears as she told how McNaught threatened to publish naked photos he had of her.
But the jury were discharged amid concerns over McNaught’s mental health. Sheriff Small then conducted an examination of facts.
When McNaught returned to court on Monday, the sheriff told him: “I was satisfied that you did carry out the acts.
“The Crown have asked for a non-harassment order but an examination of facts means there is no conviction and I can only make such an order if there is a conviction.
Janice claimed that McNaught had already tried to contact her just hours after his court appearance.
She said police were alerted that the pianist had been “turned away” from her home. She also said he had sent her unsolicited emails.
She continued: “At the root of this impasse lie two psychiatric reports, commissioned by the court, which directly render any order - medical or legal - impossible.
“This in turn, with no reference to evidence or the history of the case, effectively leaves Mr McNaught free to continue his harassment of me, my publisher, my agency, my friends and, most importantly, my family with no way forward.
“Indeed, it has already, a matter of hours after the impasse, already started.”
The writer said that psychiatrists ”remain in a position to sideline [police] efforts” to crack down on stalkers.
She said: “After 17 years of disruptive, spiteful and bizarre behaviour, I am left with continuance of established harassment without even the intervention of a medical order as the reasonable decision of health professionals.
“Medically unfit to stand trial yet not being required to accept treatment makes an ill match. Something is badly out of step, and badly outwith the reach of justice.”
She added: “I have heard the Lord Advocate intends to look into cases of stalking and internet abuse, especially with regard to so-called ‘revenge porn’, in future. I hope so.”
Try your hand at today's news quiz

 