THE Polish goalkeeper, who was out with his wife Magdalena, was knocked out after being punched twice by one player - before another footballer appeared and hit him on the head. Celtic goalkeeper Lukasz Zaluska knocked unconscious by two rival players in Glasgow's West End - Daily Record CELTIC goalkeeper Lukasz Zaluska was attacked by two rival players and knocked unconscious early yesterday.
A witness said one player punched the Polish star twice – on the side of the head and then full in the face – in the street.
Then, as the 6ft 2in goalie stood doubled over in pain, another footballer appeared, tore off his jacket, ran up to Zaluska, 32, and hit him on the head.
Zaluska slumped to the ground and was knocked cold when he hit his head on the pavement.
An onlooker in Glasgow’s trendy Ashton Lane said: “He was unconscious for about three to four minutes. I thought at first he was dead.”
The witness said the second attacker fled in a taxi, after saying: “I shouldn’t even be here. I’m a professional footballer.”
Zaluska, 32, was assaulted in the early hours while out with wife Magdalena and another young woman .
They were heading for a taxi rank at the time. The players involved cannot be named for legal reasons.
 

A witness said: “Zaluska was walking up the lane with his wife when this player walked up to him and punched him full force on the side of the head.
“Zaluska was completely stunned but found his bearings and started questioning what was going on.
“But the guy just punched him again, straight in the face this time. Zaluska’s face exploded.”
Another bystander said Zaluska was bent over with blood pouring from his face when the second player attacked him.
He said: “The guy threw his jacket off, ran up and punched him right in the head, and Zaluska went down.”
Police and paramedics were called and Zaluska was treated for a head injury in the back of an ambulance. A pool of blood was left in the lane.
As well as the players involved in the attack, St Mirren’s Jim Goodwin and Mark Wilson of Dundee United were in the lane at the time.
Both men spoke to police but there is no suggestion they were involved. Goodwin told us: “I’d been out with my wife and a few other couples and we found the big man lying in the lane as we left.
 

“He’s had some cuts and bruises to the head. I don’t know whether that was the result of the fight or if he hit his head when he fell.
“We waited with him until the ambulance and the police turned up and Lukasz was given some help.
“He was OK when we left him, though he had a bit of a head injury. It’s a real shame.”
Police said they were investigating and checking CCTV footage. No one had been charged last night.
Former Celtic manager Neil Lennon was viciously assaulted in Ashton Lane in 2008. Two thugs got two years each for the attack.

 