LITTLE Mohammad Sudais, then just two months old, was the only survivor from his family when the explosion destroyed their home in Peshawar, Pakistan, in December. Video: Uncle's thanks to Scotland for saving the life of tragic blast orphan who was left with 80 per cent burns on his face - Daily Record 
A BABY who suffered devastating burns in a gas blast which killed his parents has beaten the odds to celebrate his first birthday.
Little Mohammad Sudais, then just two months old, was the only survivor from his family when the explosion destroyed their home in Peshawar, Pakistan, in December.
His Scottish relatives launched a campaign to bring the tragic orphan, who had 80 per cent burns to his face, here for care and treatment.
Doctors in Pakistan said they could do nothing more for him. And the family believe that if Mohammad had not come to Scotland, he would certainly have died of his injuries.
 

Instead, despite a series of painful operations on his eyes, nose and mouth since he arrived in Glasgow in February, he has astounded everyone.
He was released from Yorkhill Hospital in September into the care of his uncle Mohammad Asif.
As the little boy played happily with his gifts, a rocking horse and a motorised bike, Mohammad, 48, said: “When he wakes up in the morning and he gives you this big smile, you forget about all the problems in the past.
“I’ve never seen a child like this before even though he’s been through all this suffering and pain.”
Father-of-four Mohammad explained that even when he has to change the youngster’s dressings and massage him four times a day, he doesn’t cry and handles the pain.
Mohammad added: “He is a gift from God and also a gift from the Scottish people. If he was still in Pakistan he’d have died a long time ago. He wouldn’t have survived.
“Having him here is the kind of feeling that you can’t really explain. We are of course very pleased that we’re able to look after him. He is a very brave boy … a miracle boy and he is treated like any of our children.
“He’s been through extreme pain and suffering but we’re very happy he is out of hospital for his birthday.”
Mohammad went on: “He’s a very funny, cheeky boy and he is very choosy. When he is watching cartoons, no matter what you do to him, he doesn’t look at you.When they’re finished then he wants you to play with him. He’s very entertaining.”
The family hope more surgery will minimise the scarring on Mohammad’s face and he will be able to live a normal life.
They also hope the youngster could go on to become a plastic surgeon himself, giving back to the NHS and the Scottish people who made his survival possible.
Mohammad was sleeping in the family home in Peshawar on December 16 when the explosion ripped through the house.
His mother, Samaira, 28, and father Ameen, 36, died days later in hospital. His 13-month-old brother, Abdul Haseeb also died.
Mohammad’s cot was upturned in the blast and hot plastic dripped on to his face causing 80 per cent full thickness burns. The rest of his body was left untouched because he was swaddled.
His uncle joined forces with human rights campaigner Robina Qureshi, director of the charity Positive Action in Housing, to bring him to Scotland.
Generous members of the public donated to an appeal and more than &pound;17,500 has been raised for legal fees, transport costs and future treatment.
Robina said: “Mohammad has only just turned one, yet his life started out so tragically. He lost his immediate family, he has no trace of a memory, just a few pictures and stories he will hear.
“But anyone who has spent time with him soon sees that he is fiercely strong and desperate to walk, talk and engage with people – he’s a bit of a tiger in fact. And that is rewarding to witness.”
 