Winds up to 75mph are expected to hit Scotland as the remains of Hurricane Gonzalo pass over the country. Travel warning as Gonzalo remnants due to batter Scotland Winds up to 75mph are expected to hit Scotland as the remains of Hurricane Gonzalo pass over the country.
The west coast is due to be worst affected, with heavy rain also forecast throughout the day on Tuesday.
The Met Office has issued a yellow &quot;be aware&quot; warning of wind which covers the whole country.
Up to 100 homes in the Dumfries and Galloway town of Moffat are without power after this morning's stormy conditions. 
Scottish Power said their network in the town sustained &quot;extensive damage&quot; due to the weather. A spokesman has apologised for any inconvenience and said the company hopes to have most, if not all, residents re-connected by 12:00. 
SP Energy also said they were aware of a power cut in Girvan in South Ayrshire, and were working to restore the supply.
The Skye Bridge is currently closed to all vehicles due to high winds. 
The Forth Road Bridge, and Erskine bridges have been closed to high-sided vehicles, and the Tay Road Bridge is closed to double deckers.
There has been disruption to ferries.
P and O has suspended its Irish Sea crossings.
Northlink has cancelled the 16:45 sailing from Stromness and the 19:00 from Scrabster. 
Orkney Ferries have cancelled all sailings with the exception of the 15:20 from Rousay and the 16:05 from Tingwall services. 
Calmac services from Tayinloan to Gigha, Kennacraig to Port Askaig/Port Ellen, Ullapool to Stornoway services and the small isles ferry from Mallaig, have been cancelled for today. All Calmac Ferries between Oban and South Uist, and the 13:00 and 15:00 sailings departing Craignure have also been called off.
Calmac says all other services have been disrupted or suspended, and they will review the situation regarding later sailings at 14:00.
Pentland Ferries has cancelled all sailings for today.
Traffic Scotland has warned of difficult driving conditions and the potential for some disruption on the roads.
Gonzalo caused widespread damage and a power blackout when it hit Bermuda last week.
The Met Office said: &quot;The strongest winds are expected on Tuesday as the low pressure clears eastwards.
&quot;Some uncertainty remains in the track and intensity, but there remains the potential for localised disruption to travel, especially as the strongest winds will coincide with rush hour in places.&quot;
Forecasters added that fallen leaves could impede drainage, increasing the risk of surface water on roads.
For more traffic information sources click on this link.
But the Met Office also said that such weather was not unusual for this time of year.
The yellow warning for high winds is in place for: Highlands &amp; Eilean Siar; Orkney and Shetland; Grampian; Strathclyde; south-west Scotland; Lothian and Borders; Tayside and Fife.
The strong winds are expected to remain in Scotland for almost 24 hours.
Commuters have been urged to take care in the weather during rush hour and warned of potential disruption.
Traffic Scotland said: &quot;Gales, and more locally severe gales, are expected to affect much of the country on Tuesday.
&quot;The public should be aware of the potential for disruption to travel and possible damage to trees. Difficult driving conditions will result, perhaps exacerbated by surface water and spray in places.&quot;
Police have also issued advice to drivers with standing water and spray expected on the roads with up to 20mm of rain forecast to fall in a short period.
 