A man who beat and strangled his wife and later boasted about it in a pub has been jailed for life for murder. Alan Humphrey jailed for 'brutal' murder of wife Angela A man who beat and strangled his wife and later boasted about it in a pub has been jailed for life for murder.
Alan Humphrey, 56, attacked 49-year-old Angela Humphrey at her home in Quarrywood Avenue, in the Barmulloch area of Glasgow, on 21 February.
Her body was found in the flat days later after relatives called police.
Following his conviction at the High Court in Glasgow, Humphrey was told he must serve a minimum of 19 years in prison before he can apply for parole.
Judge Lady Rae told Humphrey: &quot;This was truly a very brutal and violent attack on a defenceless woman. 
&quot;After you battered her mercilessly you abandoned her. You used your hands, your feet, you stamped on her. 
&quot;You are a violent man and what is concerning is you have shown no remorse for what you did.&quot; 
Throughout his trial Humphrey denied murdering his wife, but the jury took just over an hour to find him guilty. 
The court heard that the couple had married in 2010 and their relationship was described as &quot;stormy&quot;.
On 21 February Humphrey launched a brutal attack on his wife, during which she was punched, kicked, throttled and stamped on.
The court heard that following the murder Humphrey boasted to two regulars in the Black Bull pub in Glasgow's Gallowgate area that he had killed his wife. 
He told 71-year-old George Bothwell and his wife Joyce: &quot;I think I've killed her.&quot; 
His remark came after they asked where Mrs Humphrey was and suggested she should join them for a drink. 
Through his trial, defence counsel Thomas Ross claimed that the couple had misunderstood Humphrey. 
He maintained his client had been talking about his son, Sean Humphrey, who was murdered in 2013. 
Mrs Humphrey's body was found five days later after her daughters Jacqueline, 26, and Amanda, 28, became increasingly concerned when they could not contact their mother.
The cause of her death was head and neck injuries. 
It emerged after the verdict that Humphrey has previous convictions for violence, including two High Court convictions and one at Crown Court in England. 
In 2000, he also stood trial at the High Court in Glasgow for the alleged murder of police janitor Michael McManus. The jury returned a not proven verdict after a four-day trial. 
 