GORDON MATHESON waxes lyrical on everything Glasgow has produced down the years, and what the first city of the Commonwealth continues to give the world. Gordon Matheson: People make Glasgow and Glasgow makes things - Gordon Matheson - Daily Record WE’VE always made things in Glasgow – locomotives, ships.. our own future. We’re known around the world for our hard work and engineering feats but down the years we have always reinvented ourselves while still retaining our distinctive character. It’s what we do best.
Around a quarter of the world’s steam locomotives were built in Glasgow. At peak production there were four major manufacturing workshops in Springburn alone, employing in the region of 8000 people.
Theses locomotives were exported by ship all over the world during what was a golden age of heavy industry and shipbuilding. The Clyde yards built ships of all sizes. The Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth and the Queen Elizabeth II were all built at John Brown’s yard.
We were once the second city of the empire. And today we’re the first city of the Commonwealth after hosting the best ever Commonwealth Games. As the Games showed, in recent years we’ve successfully diversified our economy and as a result become more resilient.
Today we’re the retail, renewables, conference, bioscience, cultural and sporting capital of Scotland. But none of this happened by chance. It has been down to the hard work of many people.
While we’re not as dependent on heavy industry, we still have a world-class manufacturing sector including companies such as Thales Optronics, the Weir Group, BAE Systems and Aggreko.
Clyde Space Limited is one of the most successful suppliers of small satellite systems in the world, winning 40 per cent of the global market for nanosatellites. Clyde Space built Scotland’s first satellite, UKube-1, which was sent into space in July this year.
The small but sophisticated satellites can be used from anything from astrophysics research to tracking ships or wildfires, or taking high-resolution photographs.
Clyde Space work closely with the UK Space Agency and their global customer base includes the likes of NASA, US Air Force and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology – and all from their base here in Glasgow.
We’ve always had to work hard and at times in our history it’s been tough. But we have always punched above our weight and will always be a city where we reach for the stars.
THROUGHOUT our history, our success has been based on our people.
That is why we put our greatest asset at the heart of our city brand, People Make Glasgow. Prior to launching the brand, we asked people from every corner of the globe what was special about Glasgow and time and time again the answer was the same.
So we created a brand which has been embraced at home and abroad and has won a number of marketing awards.
Glasgow is a warm, welcoming and genuinely friendly city because the people are.
We’re an ambitious, inventive and entrepreneurial city because the people are. And we’re a down-to- earth, to-the-point, no-nonsense city, because the people are. We work well together, we get things done and we make things happen.
Quite simply People Make Glasgow.
 