THIS week is the final print edition of Glasgow Now, but don't worry, your favourite local paper will still be available for free online with the best local news, sport and features. Catch Glasgow Now online as Glasgow's local paper moves from print to digital - Daily Record THIS week we are celebrating Made in Glasgow for the final print edition of Glasgow Now.
We are showing off everything made by the hands and skill that this city has always demonstrated, from wooden boats to space satellites, artificial limbs to guitars, from gin to couture fashion. People make Glasgow and the people in Glasgow make “stuff” – good stuff at that.
So often we don’t think about where the objects around us come from, about who made it, about whether there are local options that we could support.
We want this edition to remind Glaswegians of the heritage of craft, of the potential for future creativity and making and to celebrate the work going on each day with busy hands.
And this paper, first as The Glaswegian, has been made in Glasgow for more than 25 years, a print paper giving you the best news, views, sports and entertainment that this creative city can offer.
 

 From today, you can find all that same great and made stuff online, at glasgownow.co.uk , anytime, anywhere. 
We will continue to make the news in Glasgow, to craft journalism that you can use, deliver information that educates and entertains, and put it right in your hands on any digital device, for free, as we have for a quarter century.
The nurses who make the beds, the apprentices who learn their trades, the artists who weave and sculpt, the brewers, the bakers, the candlestick makers, the printers, builders, engineers – all make Glasgow with their hands.
Industry has changed in the city, but not the industriousness. That should be honoured, promoted and passed on to new generations who can imagine the ideas that will always put Glasgow firmly on the world map.
 And energy remains one of Glasgow’s strongest attributes – glasgownow.co.uk will continue to report and celebrate that. 
 You can access glasgownow.co.uk 24 hours a day, seven days a week from anywhere and find out who is making the news and w ho is making Glasgow great. 
 We have helped make Glasgow great for 25 years and will continue to do so. We are made in Glasgow and want you to help us craft the next 25 years at glasgownow.co.uk . 
You'll be able to access our up-to-the-minute news from your computer or tablet anytime.
 