A student at Glasgow Kelvin College is being treated in hospital for a suspected case of meningitis. Glasgow Kelvin College student in suspected meningitis case A student at Glasgow Kelvin College is being treated in hospital for a suspected case of meningitis.
The student, who attended the Springburn campus, is said to be responding well to treatment.
NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde (GGC) said close contacts of the student had been given health advice and treated with antibiotics where appropriate.
The case comes after two students at Strathclyde University in Glasgow were diagnosed with meningitis last week.
All students and staff at Glasgow Kelvin College have been sent an email directing them to information and advice on the disease.
In a statement the college said: &quot;The college is working closely with the NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde Public Health Protection Unit (PHPU) to provide students and staff with advice on signs and symptoms as a precautionary measure.
&quot;The affected student's close contacts have been identified and contacted, receiving medical advice from the PHPU.&quot;
It added: &quot;The college wishes the affected student a full and speedy recovery.&quot;
Symptoms of meningitis include fever, severe headache, painful joints, dislike of bright lights, stiff neck, nausea and vomiting and drowsiness or confusion.
Two-thirds of people develop a rash or red and purple spots or bruises anywhere on the body. The rash does not disappear when pressed with an object such as a glass
The symptoms may not all appear at the same time and may not all be present.
Dr Gillian Penrice, consultant in public health medicine with NHS GGC, said: &quot;Whilst meningococcal disease is very serious and requires urgent attention, it responds quickly to antibiotics and is not easily passed from person to person.
&quot;We know that students are more at risk of getting meningitis just after starting university as they are mixing closely with lots of new people some of whom may unknowingly carry the meningococcal bacteria.
&quot;The Public Health Protection Unit takes all cases of meningococcal disease very seriously and takes prompt action.
&quot;We encourage students who have received information leaflets to be aware of the symptoms of meningococcal disease.&quot;
 