PRIVATE Henry May of the Cameronians received Britain's highest medal for gallantry after rescuing two comrades under heavy fire in France in 1914. Scottish Victoria Cross hero honoured as surviving relatives gather at unveiling of memorial paving stone - Daily Record PROUD relatives yesterday paid emotional tributes to a war hero who won the Victoria Cross after braving a storm of bullets during World War One.
Veterans and council chiefs unveiled a paving stone in memory of Private Henry May receiving the VC - the highest award for gallantry - for his outstanding heroism at La Boutillerie, France, exactly 100 years ago on October 22 1914.
Stones are being laid in the home town of every British soldier awarded the VC as part of World War One centenary events.
Pte May was a reservist with The Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) when he rescued two fellow soldiers while under heavy fire.
Afterwards he modestly said: “I just did what any man in the regiment would have done to bring in a wounded man.”
 

His grand-daughter Moya Fife, 74, from Airdrie, said: “It has been a great day, very emotional for us. Over the years, I have learned more about what my grandad did but it wasn’t really talked about.
“I know my family were very proud of him and what he did.”
Grandson James Henry May, said: “It has been an absolutely fantastic day - we are all so proud of him. The family didn’t really brag about what he did - I worked in the TA for 14 years and was surrounded by all these majors and colonels and I never even mentioned it.”
Pte May received a hero’s welcome on his arrival home at Glasgow Central Station when he was carried aloft by well wishers. King George presented the VC to May on August 12, 1915.
Henry was discharged from the Army on 28 August that year, when his regular engagement of 13 years had expired. Pte May rejoined in 1918 and attained the rank of lieutenant.
 

After the war, he resumed his work in textiles in Bridgeton, where he had been born, and lived with his wife and children. He is also remembered in a series of granite paving slabs at Bridgeton Cross, inset with local VC holders’ names.
His grand-daughter Eileen Brown, 65, from Prestwick, said: “Some of the family had lost contact so it’s good that we are all here together today. As we looked into the history of how he won the VC, some of our cousins have got back in touch again.
“It’s amazing to think that he was out there risking his life 100 years ago to the day.”
Glasgow’s depute Lord Provost Gerry Leonard, said: “Henry May is more than a local hero. He ranks among the very few men in the Great War who survived while carrying out the ultimate act of valour, risking his life to save the lives of comrades including a platoon commander.
“His bravery then a century ago was lauded and well documented by the media. He deserves our utmost respect and it will be a real honour to meet with his relatives who have been reunited thanks to the council’s appeal for family to come forward to mark this important event.”
 