SCOTLAND is in prime position to benefit from London’s overheating property market with Edinburgh listed among the top three European cities to invest in, according to property experts Scots cities to benefit from London housing boom Sponsored by

SCOTLAND is in prime position to benefit from London’s overheating property market with Edinburgh listed among the top three European cities to invest in, according to property experts.


As supply constraints emerge in large prime property markets such as London, and rapid re-pricing takes place in recovering markets such as Spain, investors are looking to mid-size European cities for value. 
Analysis from property consultancy CBRE has shown that Edinburgh features in a list of European cities where investors can capitalise on growing employment, a stable economy and established office markets.

• Keep up to date with all aspects of Scottish life with The Scotsman iPhone app, completely free to download and use.

Scotland as a whole is also to benefit with several major developments due to get underway in Edinburgh such as the St James Quarter, Haymarket and Caltongate, Glasgow is well primed following significant redevelopment ahead of the Commonwealth Games, Aberdeen is pushing ahead in its oil-fuelled boom while Dundee is also moving forward with its ambitious Waterfront proposals that will reshape the city. 
At the same time London has become the most expensive city for companies looking to relocate staff. 
A recent study by global real estate advisors Savills has found that the total cost of renting residential and office accommodation is higher than in any other world city, clocking in at more than &pound;100,000 per employee per year. This is a 5.3 per cent rise since last year and a massive 38.7 per cent increase since 2008.
Hugh Rutherford, is the chairman of the Edinburgh Business Forum and managing partner of Montagu Evans, he said: “In terms of timing the recession hit Scotland at a time of significant development, funding just dried up but investors out of London are now once again looking at value of money and Scotland is primed to capitalise just like it did in the early 00s.
“There are definite green shoots of recovery. Development is Edinburgh is picking up while in Glasgow the Commonwealth Games and the subsidies that brought has allowed developers to build.”
Added to this, according to CBRE, Scotland’s capital has been identified as one of the top five European cities best placed for investment: the other being Bologna, Italy; Malaga, Spain; Nuremberg, Germany and M25 North and Cambridge, UK
In Edinburgh, office-based employment grew throughout the recession despite big cut backs in banking and financial sector jobs. 
Between 2010 and 2012, 23,100 private sector jobs were created (a growth of 11 per cent), offsetting a 3.5 per cent reduction (3,330) in public sector roles, making it the second fastest growing employment centre in the UK. Office-based employment in Edinburgh grew by 2.6 per cent between 2009-2013 versus an average of -0.1 per cent for total employment across the UK.
Miller Mathieson, managing director of CBRE in Scotland, said: “The combination of an emerging TMT (Telecommunications, Media and Technology) sector together with increasing diversification in the financial services sector has further strengthened Edinburgh’s economy. The universities in Edinburgh have an improving global reputation and this is also attracting employers to the city. Investors already consider Edinburgh a popular place to invest and this looks set to continue.”
Dr Neil Blake, head of EMEA Research at CBRE, added: “This list will be a surprise to some; particularly because there are cities in economically ravaged countries where employment actually grew throughout the recession. The economies and office markets in these cities also have the right mix for future growth as they have fostered which we expect to grow, particularly technology and creative industry clusters and university spin-offs.
“Many investors are now seeking new markets to invest in and we believe that these employment hotspots offer sound opportunities outside of the congested and rapidly re-pricing core markets.”

 