GLASGOW gave SARAH-MAY PHILO the gifts of humour and a sense of love that isn't written about often. Sarah-May Philo: Glasgow has created its own romance and friendship - and we should celebrate it - Sarah-May Philo - Daily Record GLASGOW has created and invented a great many things over the years – including its own love, romance, passion and friendship.
A few months ago, I was doing an interview for the Brighton Comedy Festival based around my show, 50 Shades of Smay.
After getting through the first few predictable questions such as “Why did you become a comedian?” and “So what’s this show all about anyway?” the questions began to turn in the direction of Glasgow.
My show was all about romance. I wrote it after a tough break-up and, seeing as I was also reading 50 Shades of Grey, I became consumed with the idea that this “romance” thing – in all its strange shapes and forms and feelings – didn’t quite compute with me when I read about it through the eyes of a naive 20-something who happened to meet the billionaire of her very dark dreams.
Glasgow gave me two very valuable gifts.
It gave me my humour – something passed down through generations of loud, confident men and women who worked hard and loved a big family. It also gave me a sense of love and romance that isn’t written about often.
Glasgow has a massive quantity of beautiful old buildings, dusky parks, rivers, festivals, bars, museums and many, many wonderful people.
These people don’t need whips or chains to feel excitement. Most of the time they use a few pints, a good ceilidh and some cracking one-liners. They have created something precious. Something incomparable to any other city.
Walk into any bar in Glasgow on a Friday night and you’ll find a group of smiling people happy to take on banter from anyone willing to step into the ring.
Ask most Glaswegian married couples how they met and they’ll tell you a wonderful story of steam boats, weddings, mistaken identity or that one brilliant office party.
The magnificent thing about romance in Glasgow is how bold it is.
It’s not shy, it’s proud. It’s not arrogant – it’s contagious. It resonates through its schools, its universities, its colleges and its workplaces. It welcomes in new faces and it looks after the old. It dances around in a kilt and it sings at the rugby. Most importantly of all – it’s true love.
&nbsp;
Hidden Gem: Scotland Street School
I WAS recently at Scotland Street School Museum, one of our rare Mackintosh-designed buildings that served the children of the 1900s right up to the colourful 60s and 70s. The school has an array of classrooms that dip into eras that witnessed fashion, politics and truly awful cooking classes that, really, haven’t changed much in the last 80 years or so.
This incredible building hosts ideas, nostalgia and beauty that – for the large part – have been forgotten in this city by many of its inhabitants. Our stunning architecture has had to accommodate chain restaurants, student clubs and casinos that boast, at best, a 6am cheese toastie.
Once in a while, it’s nice to dip into the past and really experience the foundations of the city. We have bred inventors, thinkers and artists. We have a massive quantity of universities, colleges and workshops – all of which encourage diversity, free thought and debate.
This city takes pride in its education and its ability to adapt and change with those who live in it. It may sound horrifically clich&eacute;, but I’m bloomin’ proud of it.
&nbsp;
No brainer: The over-60s
MY uncle Drew regularly reads my column. A few days ago, he was over at mum’s fixing her shower and, while improving her bathroom fixtures, he mentioned that I never write about anything for the over-60s.
I decided to take on this challenge and find things to do in Glasgow for those who are in the bus-pass years.
My problem is, when researching events for over-60s, they all fall under the category of over-80s.
Free golf at the Glasgow Life course was quite good – but then that only caters for those who like golf. The rest of the perks were afternoon teas, bus passes and a reduction on a TV licence.
If the Government really want to appeal to the age group with the highest average voting turn-out, they need to start catering for their tastes in events that suit their age.
So far, they seem to be writing off the generation of the 59-plus as purple-rinsed and confined to Coronation Street re-runs.
 