GLASGOW CITY COUNCIL leader Gordon Matheson today announced the opening date of Glasgow on Ice, the centre-piece of Glasgow’s winter festivities Gordon Matheson announces dates for Glasgow on Ice GLASGOW CITY COUNCIL leader Gordon Matheson today announced the opening date of Glasgow on Ice, the centre-piece of Glasgow’s winter festivities.

The event which heralds the beginning of Christmas celebrations in the city’s George Square will open on Thursday 27th November. 
This year’s Glasgow on Ice will feature a Santa’s Christmas Workshop situated on the grassy area at the North East of George Square and on selected days there will be the chance to visit some of Santa’s reindeer, pet them and pose for pictures in his sleigh. Councillor Gordon Matheson, who was in George Square today along with eight year old Erin McAllister meeting the reindeer and having a go on Santa’s sleigh, said: “Christmas offers the opportunity to see the city of Glasgow at its best. It is bustling with excitement thanks to attractions and events from meeting Santa’s reindeer to skating to shopping, food and drink and family entertainment. If you are looking for a way to get into the festive spirit I can think of nothing better than skating under the twinkling lights in George Square or taking in the sights from the big wheel overlooking the city. Make a date to come and join us and see why Christmas in Glasgow is not to be missed.” 
George Square remains at the heart of this year’s festive entertainment and it will play host to a number of events and theme nights throughout the festival period. This year there will be the Alpine Bar where visitors can enjoy a drink in the warmth as they look out over the ice rink. There will also be an alfresco Christmas bar where guests can enjoy some traditional festive refreshments with a Scottish twist. 
Tickets to skate on the city’s only open-air ice rink, which is also one of the largest in Europe, are now on sale. 
Glasgow on Ice will open to the public at 12pm on Thursday 27 November. People can skate every day right up until the 31 December 2014, with the exception of Christmas Day. 

• There will also be accessible sessions exclusively for wheelchair users and the visually impaired. For more information on when these are please go to www.glasgowloveschristmas.com 
 