OUR exclusive pictures show the extent of the damage the Polish keeper suffered after being punched by two rival players in Ashton Lane early on Monday. Celtic goalie Lukasz Zaluska sports black eye in training after two rival players knocked him unconscious on night out - Daily Record  CELTIC goalie Lukasz Zaluska had to train with a shiner yesterday after two rival players knocked him cold on a night out. 
 Our exclusive pictures show the extent of the damage the Polish star suffered in Glasgow ’s Ashton Lane early on Monday. 
 Witnesses told how he was punched by two footballers as he was leaving the lane with wife Magdalena and a female friend, and ended up unconscious in the street . 
 Police investigators are studying CCTV footage . The attackers can’t be named for legal reasons. 
Zaluska’s left eye was bruised and partly closed as he trained at Celtic’s Lennoxtown complex. He tried to hide his injuries with his woolly hat but they were plainly visible later in the session.
A number of footballers are known to have been in Ashton Lane at the time of the incident.
They included Dundee United players Mark Wilson and Paul Paton, St Mirren midfielder Jim Goodwin and former Stenhousemuir goalie Chris McCluskey.
Goodwin told us on Monday how he and his wife saw Zaluska after the attack and waited with him until an ambulance arrived. He and Wilson were also seen chatting to a busker in the lane.
No one at Celtic or Dundee United’s offices could be reached for comment yesterday, despite repeated attempts.
And after training at Lennoxtown, Hoops midfielder Stefan Johansen was reluctant to talk about what happened.
 

He said: “Lukasz is OK. Of course it is not a good thing but, as I say, I don’t want to talk about it because I don’t know the details.”
According to witness accounts, one of the players involved in the attack punched Zaluska twice – on the side of the head and then full in the face.
Then another footballer ran up to the 6ft 2in goalie and hit him in the head. Zaluska was knocked cold when he hit his head on the pavement and was treated for a head injury in the back of an ambulance.
The second attacker reportedly fled in a taxi after saying: “I shouldn’t even be here. I’m a professional footballer.”
A bar worker from Ashton lane said police had been collecting CCTV tapes and talking to staff.
He added: “Quite a few footballers were in the lane and a few had quite a bit to drink.
“You get a lot of these guys and their wives. They tend to dot in and out of the different pubs. It looks like it’s kicked off as they were leaving after closing time.
“From what I can gather the incident has taken place at the end of the lane at Byres Road so there may not be any CCTV.
“Most of the pubs only have cameras up at our end. A few fights and assaults at the far end haven’t been picked up by them.”

 