MANAGING director Iain Munro reckons Glasgow is great at turning concepts into reality.. but thinks it doesn't happen as much as it should. Made in Glasgow: SCENEgineering boss says city is the best stage for manufacture - Daily Record GLASGOW is a world-beater when it comes to developing a concept and taking it all the way through to production.
The problem lies, according to Iain Munro, with how often an idea is translated to physical reality.
Managing director of events management and set rental firm SCENEgineering, the Newton Mearns resident is passionate about Glaswegians’ ability to create things.
The 36-year-old said: “I do have a constant frustration that there seems to be two prevalent schools of thought in this country.
“Either you work in a a service industry punching away at a computer or you develop a concept you then sell and you never get to the manufacture side.
“That happens time and again in the UK which is particularly disappointing because actually what we are very good at, particularly in Glasgow, is taking a concept and making it into a tangible thing that can be sold throughout the world.
 

“And it doesn’t need to be old dirty industry, we’ve got high end electronics and the likes, and It would be good to see people, particularly younger people believing in that industry.”
A former computer puncher himself, Iain escaped the world of IT and went full time with SCENEgineering, formerly a nights and weekend hobby, in 2008.
The firm has expanded from building and renting out sets and props around the UK to creating bespoke exhibition stands, events management and also manages the Cottiers and Websters theatres.
 

And despite launching in a recession, the firm has enjoyed growth every year.
From their Anderston base they create a dozen new sets and a dozen exhibition stands every year, meaning everything from ancient Egypt to medieval forts can be found in two-dimensional form in their workshop.
Iain said: “The business we have now is so diverse that the people we have working here have come from different walks of life with skill sets that are not directly related to prop making or stand creation.
“You have carpenters who walk in off of building sites, engineers from big construction projects.
“It’s a fascinating business to be in, and Glasgow is a hotbed of talent to work in.”
 