Glasgow's Galgael Trust has been keeping the traditions of the Clyde going for nearly 20 years and helps residents from all backgrounds. The Galgael Trust is saving Glasgow's boat building skills as well as lives near the Clyde - Daily Record WHERE once the Clyde was filled with shipyards from end to end, there are now just two BAE yards and models in the Riverside Museum.
But not far from the riverside, the Galgael Trust are keeping the craft of boat building going – and saving lives in the process.
For nearly 20 years the charity and social enterprise have been welcoming those seeking new skills from every corner of Glasgow.
Paul Hamilton is weeks away from launching his “baby”, a beautiful small boat currently getting painted in the Galgael shop floor just around the corner from Ibrox.
He is clearly excited at the prospect of taking it out on to the Clyde at the slip next to the Riverside Museum.
He says: “It’s a joy, but a pain as well. It’s hard work – I’ve been building that one for the last year. You have to be so precise in your work. You get the plans and then scale them up to life size. That can be quite complicated. If you’re a millimetre out, or don’t have the correct curve, you have to do it again.”
Under the eye of lead boat builder Ben Duffin, one boat is being planned and another under construction.
 Paul, 40, who travels in from Lochwinnoch to Galgael, says he locked himself away for many years before finding skills working with his hands. 
He adds: “Seeing that boat nearly finished, I’m beaming. It’s been blood, sweat and tears – it’s a great feeling.
“It’s doing something constructive that I enjoy doing. I do have a talent for it and I enjoy making stuff.”

Amy Joslin is working on one of the next boats, having recently joined the trust to complement her other job in the Riverside Museum’s education section.
 Amy, 28, says: “I trained in sculpture and I always liked working with my hands. 
“It’s almost meditative – it’s very cathartic. At the end of the day I feel satisfied and a sense of fulfilment.
“I like making things because it’s very obvious what the end product is. My father had quite a romantic idea of boat building and was hoping to retrain to it himself. I just wanted to learn a new skill.
“I’m not born and bred in Glasgow but this does help me feel more connected to Glasgow and its heritage. It’s bringing to life what I have been learning at the museum.”
The Galgael Trust emerged in the 1990s out of protests against the M77 cutting through the middle of Pollok Park when Colin Macleod refused to leave a tree to protect the woodland.
He died aged 39 in 2005 but Galgael was well established in making a difference in the community, something that still continues today.
Just 18 months ago, Gary Brown couldn’t leave his Maryhill home and considered taking his own life.
The 44-year-old says: “I was paranoid – I felt everyone was judging me.
 “When I got a leaflet for Galgael, it took me two or three months to get the courage to come in. Now I do tours to crowds of 15 people. 
“Everyone who comes in here says they don’t have a talent. We will find your talent. The trust saved my life.”
Also working on one of the boats is James Dickson, 49, from Bearsden, who retired from his job as a lawyer and took up boat building instead.
He says: “I was brought up around boats – my father and grandfather were fishermen. This is a great place to use what I have learned.
“It’s a chance to do something physical, and mental.”
Visit www.galgael.org to find out more on the trust.
 