Strathclyde University has confirmed that two of its students have been diagnosed with meningitis. Two Strathclyde University students diagnosed with meningitis Strathclyde University has confirmed that two of its students have been diagnosed with meningitis. 
The university said the cases were not connected, but that it was working closely with public health officials.
Both students were said to be stable and showing signs of recovery in hospital. 
Information on the signs and symptoms to be aware of is being circulated to staff and students at the university as a precaution. 
The symptoms include fever, rash, headaches, nausea, stiff neck and joint pain.
An email has been sent to students from the university's director of student experience and enhancement, Veena O'Halloran.
She said that the affected students' close contacts have already been identified and given medical advice.
She added that students who do not fall into that category are not considered to be at risk.
&quot;The bacteria which cause the illness are not easily passed from person-to-person, and only those who have had prolonged close contact require antibiotics,&quot; she adds.
Dr Catriona Milosevic, consultant in public health medicine, said: &quot;Whilst meningococcal disease is very serious and requires urgent attention, it responds quickly to antibiotics and is not easily passed from person to person.
&quot;We know that students are more at risk of getting meningitis just after starting university as they are mixing closely with lots of new people, some of whom may unknowingly carry the meningococcal bacteria.&quot;
She added: &quot;The public health protection unit takes all cases of meningococcal disease very seriously and takes prompt action.
&quot;We encourage students, not just those in Strathclyde University who have received information leaflets, to be aware of the symptoms of meningococcal disease.&quot;
Students are advised to contact their GP if they develop certain symptoms, and if they have not been vaccinated against the 'C' strain of meningitis.
The symptoms can include:
 