Are the people of Glasgow ready for the selfie stick? Is Glasgow ready for the selfie stick? You take the Duke of Wellington test... Are the people of Glasgow ready for the selfie stick?The Evening Times online wanted to find out so we gave locals and tourists a chance to try the latest phenomenon in the global selfie craze at Glasgow's famous Duke of Wellington statue.The selfie stick or Monopod was created to help people achieve that perfect photo.Ideal for everything from holiday snaps to that sultry pose ahead of a night out, the selfie stick works by clamping your camera phone three feet away from you, in landscape mode, with the screen facing you. It connects to your phone via Bluetooth.You then use a button on the handle of the stick to take the picture. Crucial to a successful result is getting the angle right...as our volunteers showed (with varied success).The price of the selfie stick varies, with models starting at around &pound;5.Friends Alison Gordon (19), from Barrhead, and Rhiannon Dornan (18), from Coatbridge, had mixed reactions about the device.Alison said: &quot;I was in Disneyland and I saw people using them. It would be great to use in a place like that.&quot;Rhiannon added: &quot;I am just not sure, I would feel weird standing there holding a stick.&quot;Southsider Derek Hoy was in agreement with Rhiannon. The 34-year-old added: &quot;It will probably catch on.&quot;Law student Matt Campbell (21), from Kilwinning, loved the device. He said: &quot;I do a lot of outdoor activities, that would be the ideal situation to use it.&quot;Angela Haughan had a go of using the stick with children James (15) and Grace (13). She said: &quot;I would use it. I have seen the celebrities use it.&quot;Friends Katie Gibb (17), from Cardonald, Lynn Graham (22), from Glasgow and Joanna Wiles (19), from Moodiesburn loved the selfie stick.Lynn said: &quot;I think though it would be better if they made it handbag size.&quot; Joanna added: &quot;I am buying one.&quot;Would you use the selfie stick? Take your selfie stick picture and send it to et@heraldandtimes.co.uk with your name and photo location, and we'll publish the best. 