ALAN Humphrey, 56, who punched, kicked, throttled and stamped on his wife before leaving her for dead, was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 19 years Husband who beat and strangled wife to death before boasting about it in pub is jailed for 19 years - Daily Record A HUSBAND who beat and strangled his wife then boasted about it in a pub was yesterday jailed for at least 19 years.
The High Court in Glasgow heard callous Alan Humphrey 56, punched, kicked, throttled and stamped on his wife and then left her for dead.
It was five days before Angela Humphrey’s body was found by her devastated family.
Yesterday at the High Court in Glasgow, judge Lady Rae sentenced Humphrey to life with a minimum term of 19 years.
She said: “This was truly a very brutal and violent attack on a defenceless woman.
“After you battered her mercilessly, you abandoned her. You are a violent man and what is concerning is you have shown no remorse for what you did.”
Advocate depute Sheena Fraser, prosecuting, revealed that Humphrey has previous convictions for violence, including two High Court convictions and one at Crown Court in England.
Throughout his trial Humphrey denied murdering his wife, but the jury took just over an hour to find him guilty.
 

The court heard that Humphrey boasted to two regulars in the Black Bull pub in Glasgow’s Gallowgate that he had killed his wife after they suggested she join them for a drink.
He told 71-year-old George Bothwell and his wife Joyce: “I think I’ve killed her.”
Angela, 49, was attacked on February 21 at her flat in Quarrywood Avenue, Glasgow.
Her body was found in her home five days later after her family became concerned about not being able to contact her and broke into the flat.
The cause of death was head and neck injuries.
Angela’s daughters Jacqueline, 26, and Amanda, 28, became increasingly concerned when their mother did not answer her phone.
On February 26, Jacqueline’s partner Stephen Thomson and his father Jack Thomson went to her mother’s house and found Angela’s body after breaking in.
 