SALLY says she’s looking forward to bringing her stage show to Scotland tomorrow and Friday but admits she’s been struggling to cope. Video: TV psychic Sally Morgan on why she sacked her husband for anti-gay rant and how she answers her critics - Daily Record CELEBRITY psychic Sally Morgan has vowed that the show must go&nbsp;on after sacking her husband and son-in-law from her business over their anti-gay rant at one of&nbsp;her critics.
And she says she’s looking forward to bringing her stage show to Scotland tomorrow and Friday but admits she’s been struggling to cope.

Sally, 63, announced last week she was sacking husband John Morgan as her manager and son-in-law Daren Wiltshear as tour manager after recent video footage showed them using threatening behaviour.
She said many of her friends are gay and she was ashamed and devastated at their behaviour and has also banned them from her live shows.
“I’m not coping well at all because they are my ‘rocks’ and family and I love them very much,” she said.
“John and I have been married for 40 years and, like any marriage, it has its challenges. We love and respect one another and are committed to our marriage and working things through.
 

“I think forgiveness is something we&nbsp;all should learn, especially when&nbsp;someone has the courage to&nbsp;apologise.”
But she says she’s moving on: “I have, with the support of my amazing fans, friends and family. The show must go on and I&nbsp;have so much more to give.”
Some critics have argued she should have foreseen the controversy but Sally says she never does readings for herself.
“There will always be cynics and sceptics in my life, it goes with the territory and will be there until the day I die,” she said.

Sally was hit by another controversy recently when widow Nicola Tait from Surrey said she felt betrayed when she was told Sally had appeared to mention her boyfriend Kris Cook’s death to an audience of hundreds.
Sally said: “I don’t know Nicola Tait and therefore certainly don’t know her loved one – my messages are random and not targeted at specific people in or out of the audience.
“On a personal level, my heart goes out to Nicola and her family for their sad loss.”
As she prepares for her upcoming shows, she said the last time she was in Scotland she was mobbed in the street.
Her great-grandfather was Scottish and the family name was Comyns.
“They built castles in Scotland. Someone told us they were rogue builders, which fits in with my family,” she laughed.
“But the castles are still standing so that was a load of rubbish.
“Last time I was in Glasgow I got accosted in the road. I love it because they’re all mad. They chase me down the street and come running out of Primark screaming my name. They really appreciate my work.”
She says readings give “hope and comfort” to people and she doesn’t worry about how people will react to what she tells them.
“What I trust is the fact I’m a grandma now and I’m a mum and a wife and I like to feel I’m a nice person so they have someone in front of them who has lived a life and knows about loss.
“The whole evening is about loss when you look at it. So therefore if you’re kind and compassionate, they can see your genuine compassion, it cannot be false.”
But Sally also has her fair share of critics and she expects that when she dies&nbsp;they will question her kids over whether she’s made contact.
“I’ve already tried to prime the kids that from the moment I die they’ll be on my kids’ backs. I think we need&nbsp;sceptics. Unless you ask a question you’re never going to get answers.”
Of her shows she said: “I’m not going to stand on stage and do it how people think you should do it.
“You get the real Sally and that’s how I feel comfortable. They get me being me.
“It’s not scripted, I have no idea what I’m going to say.”
■ Psychic Sally: On The Road will be at The Grand Hall, Kilmarnock, tomorrow&nbsp;and Perth Concert Hall on Friday.
 