MAKAR, from the Glasgow Distillery Company, will launch next week, the first gin made in the city with plans for whisky next year. Glasgow's first gin will be launched next week - could the city be about see a new distilling era? - Daily Record THE man behind Glasgow’s first gin has called on residents to embrace local brands.
Liam Hughes, who will formally launch Makar next week, said: “We need to celebrate things made in the city.
“We don’t have the money to match the megabrands in terms of marketing but we hope we have thousands of Glaswegians happy to act as our brand ambassadors both at home and further afield.”
Liam is the CEO of Glasgow Distillery Company, who also hope to start producing whisky next year when they move to a new &pound;10 million home on the banks of the Clyde.
Makar, which will go on sale on October 27 at &pound;29 a bottle, is the first product launched by the firm that will be based at the former home of the Glenlee tall ship.
Liam said: “There has undoubtedly been a renewed interest in gin and other craft product making over the last few years.
“We hope people understand the level of skill and dedication that goes into making our gin. We could produce more per distillation and in quicker time if we compromised the quality but we refuse to do that.
“Each distillation is created with care and precision and is small batch, with us ultimately producing about 300 bottles per distillation.
“We have always been passionate about what we do and we know we could easily have made our gin elsewhere sooner but that was never an option for us – it was either made in Glasgow or nowhere.”
Glasgow once had a number of distilleries but the Depression, wars and consolidation in the industry led to their closure. Liam credits 2003 legislation in the US with a renewal of craft distilling there – and now in Scotland.
He added: “We hope we are the first of many in the city and we hope that Glaswegians will help us and the other distilleries flourish by purchasing our products here at home and helping spread the word internationally.
“We hope people enjoy the quality of our products and help them become a symbol of what small craft manufacturers can deliver in a city setting.”
 