Dundee United manager Jackie McNamara has confirmed that Paul Paton and Mark Wilson are the players at the centre of a club investigation. Dundee United: Paton and Wilson not available due to inquiry  Dundee United manager Jackie McNamara has confirmed that Paul Paton and Mark Wilson are the players at the centre of a club investigation. 
 And neither man will be available for Saturday's trip to Inverness CT. 
 &quot;It's out of my hands, the club is investigating and everything will come out in due course,&quot; said McNamara. 
 The manager refused to comment when asked if the probe concerned an incident involving Celtic goalkeeper Lukasz Zaluska. 
 However, defender Wilson has said he was present at the time of an assault on Zaluska in the early hours of Monday. 
 &quot;Dundee United has commenced an internal investigation into the conduct of two of its players following information received by the club,&quot; a statement on the United website&nbsp; read on Wednesday evening. 
 Midfielder Paton, 27, has been an ever-present for United this season and was last month's SPFL player of the month. 
 Full-back Wilson, 30, has yet to feature during this campaign, missing the kick off in August due to an ankle injury. 
 &quot;I think it's important that we focus on Saturday's game and for me it's better that we take them out of the limelight,&quot; added McNamara. 
 Zaluska was assaulted in the street while on a night out in Glasgow, with a police investigation continuing. 
 On Wednesday, Wilson, who played with Zaluska at Celtic, released a statement through a spokesperson, which read: &quot;There has been a lot of publicity surrounding events on Sunday night in Ashton Lane. 
 &quot;Mark Wilson would like to clarify matters regarding himself. 
 &quot;Mark was out for a meal with his wife and some other couples. 
 &quot;On his way home with his wife, they came across his friend and former team-mate Lukasz Zaluska. 
 &quot;Mark tried to calm a matter down and latterly to help Lukasz as he was in a distressed situation.&quot; 
 