1,000 people sign petition to protest at fundraising move that will force tourists and worshippers to cough up cash to enter Glasgow Cathedral. Historic Scotland's plan to charge £5 to visit one of country's most famous cathedrals sparks uproar - Daily Record PLANS to charge visitors &pound;5 to enter one of Scotland’s most famous cathedrals has sparked a 1,000 signature petition.
Historic Scotland is set to ask worshippers and tourists to pay to visit Glasgow Cathedral from April 1 next year, despite it being free for the past 800 years.
The decision has sparked fury and Glasgow City Council leader Gordon Mathieson has already called for the plans to be scrapped.
The local authority boss said he had received several letters expressing “significant concerns” over the new charges.
A petition on campaign website 38 Degrees was posted on the Glasgow Cathedral site this week and has already attracted almost 1,000 names.
The petitioner, Mary Thomson, said: “If Glasgow Cathedral belongs to anyone it is to the people of Glasgow.
“If Historic Scotland has its way the cathedral would become the only treasure house of art, architecture and history in the city for which admission would be charged.
“The Cathedral belongs to all those who need somewhere for private thought when life is challenging, who seek solace, or to leave their heart-breaking requests for help through prayer.
&quot;Will Historic Scotland turn them away if they cannot pay?”
Historic Scotland said talks were ongoing with the Church of Scotland and other interested parties.
A spokesman said: “We are investigating the possibility of charging for admission for visitors to Glasgow Cathedral.
“In line with many other cathedrals which perform a dual function as both a place of worship and a visitor attraction, any admission charge introduced would apply to visitors only and would not affect worshippers with any income generated from the introduction of a proposed admission charge reinvested into the Cathedral and the wider historic environment.”
 