A man has been jailed for life after being convicted of murdering his brother at their mother's home. Peter Moore jailed for murdering brother Derek in Glasgow A man has been jailed for life after being convicted of murdering his brother at their mother's home.
Peter Moore, 28, from Bonhill, West Dunbartonshire, fatally stabbed 25-year-old Derek Moore at the flat in Glasgow's Govan area on 3 January.
The victim was stabbed four times and had a total of 75 injuries to his body.
At the High Court in Glasgow, Moore was told that he must serve a minimum of 18-and-a-half years before he can apply for parole.
Jailing him, judge Lady Wolffe told Moore: &quot;You stand convicted of the murder of your own brother in the house of your mother. 
&quot;In convicting you the jury rejected your defence of self defence.&quot; 
Lady Wolffe told Moore that although his brother was initially the aggressor by punching him, he had used a knife on him as he lay on the ground. 
The court previously heard that Derek Moore suffered 70 wounds - many of them defensive. 
He was stabbed four times and the fatal wound which caused massive internal bleeding was to his abdomen. 
The court heard that a trial of blood leading from the flat to the common close was consistent with Derek Moore having been dragged out of the house and on to a downstairs landing. 
Lady Wolffe told Moore: &quot;You left him there to die. This was a prolonged and vicious attack. 
&quot;The crime of murder is a most egregious crime. You have doubly punished your family.&quot;
Moore's trial heard that on a previous occasion Derek Moore had broken his brother's jaw.
That fight took place in front of a six-year-old boy, who was also present at the early stages of the fatal fight before being taken away by his mother.
Peter Moore's partner Ashley Picken, 24, told of how she was woken up by the sound of the brothers arguing and fighting.
When asked how Derek Moore had been earlier that night she replied: &quot;He was angry.&quot;
She told prosecutor Paul Kearney: &quot;I looked out into the hallway and I saw Peter standing over Derek with a knife in his hand hitting Derek. He was hitting Derek in the legs and the side of his body with the knife.
&quot;Derek was lying down on the floor on his back.&quot;
Moore later told police: &quot;When we fight, we fight for hours. I can't remember arguing with him. He's pure evil when he's been drinking. He started it.&quot;
He also said: &quot;I said I wasn't going to fight with him again.&quot;
Moore, who has a number of previous convictions, including some for violence, did not give evidence during the trial.
 