LYNDSAY PAGAN and JENN COYLE show their love for their home-town Barras as they celebrate their fourth birthday with plans to expand production. Glasgow style queens Obscure Couture show Barras can beat Paris or Milan when it comes to making fashion - Daily Record WHETHER bought in a Beverley Hills boutique or a high-end Dubai mall, all things Obscure Couture come from one place, the Glasgae Barras.
In their colourfully chaotic workshop at the Barras Art And Design centre, Lyndsay Pagan and Jenn Coyle stitch, sew and seam life into the bold couture that is their calling card.
This month celebrating its fourth birthday, the design duo have taken their partnership from university friendship to globally-acclaimed clothing featured in the likes of Vogue and worn by pop princesses in a remarkably short space of time.
And the fact that a hub of internationally-desired fashion is to be found in the city’s east end is also something that often causes people to do a double take.
“When we say the Barras people think we have a stall selling clothes, or that we work in the market at the weekend, when really, well it’s a bit more than that,” Lyndsay explains.
 

“We love being in the Barras though, we don’t want to be anywhere else, it’s nice not to be surrounded by any pretentiousness. It’s 100 per cent real.”
At this Jenn chips in: “We always joke we should have workshop webcams for our website, but pointed out the way. We get shows out the window, it’s honestly like sketches from Still Game sometimes.”
The near-century old market holds much personal history for the 29-year-old pair, with Lyndsay fondly remembering her papa taking her there as a child to buy mussels, while for Jenn a Christmas visit with her mum has become a festive tradition.
Though west-ender Jenn does admit concern that traditional Barras retailers are in decline, the future of the district may well lie with the fashionistas. 

 
To date, Obscure Couture garments have been the personal handiwork of the pair, alongside a dedicated team of interns, but now the label is expanding.
For the first time they are commissioning factories to make their distinctive wares, all of them in Glasgow, something very important to the firm.
&nbsp;Lyndsay said: &quot;It’s got to the point where from the point of view of making stuff in-house, we physically can’t do anymore. Now we’re outsourcing the manufacture which will free up our time to do the design - the fun stuff.
“We spent a long time shopping around for workshops. We wanted to keep it in the UK, that’s one of our philosophies and has been from the beginning.
“It makes sense to have them local and we can go and see for ourselves.”
Those worried such a step may lead to a decrease in quality should be reassured by Jenn's confession: ‘We are massive control freaks, the nightmare clients from hell. We’ll be going there there every week and make sure things are ok.
“It’s a moral thing that we want to support, made in Britain, made in Scotland, made in Glasgow, you’ve got to support local.
“We’ve always been passionate about collaborating with local designers, seamstresses, photographers, jewellery makers.
“It’s not the cheapest way (&quot;it’s absolutely not the cheapest way.&quot; Lyndsay interrupts) it’s been trial and error to find the right factory.
“We’ve tried ones that haven’t been up to scratch and there have been times when we’ve been screaming in frustration saying, ‘send it to China, send it to China’ - but we never have.
 

“Not made in China - made by us right here in the Barras.”
At this Jenn reveals another side to her creativity, unveiling a heart-shaped birthday cake to celebrate four years of business.
When asked to summarise the past four years, both laugh.
“Mental” says Jenn. “Absolutely crazy.” Lyndsay agrees.
“We always had extremely high hopes and ambitions, I don’t know if we expected to be exactly where we are, but we’ve had lots of fun around the way.”
They remain tight-lipped about turnover, but will say the company has enjoyed year-on-year growth every year they’ve been in business.
Certainly the brand has expanded in terms of reach, shipping around the globe and stocking stores everywhere from America to Lebanon.
Now, with the factories set to ease burden of manufacture, the pair have their gaze locked on expanding the brand.
Jenn said: “We look at bigger companies and see they grow through perfume and bags. We would love that. Menswear, handbags, shoes, bed wear, sunglasses, curtains, we want to do it all.”
 
 

ONE of Obscure Couture’s core philosophy is what they call “anti-fast fashion”.
Contemptuous of the trend of cheap clothing worn once then thrown away, Lyndsay and Jenn aim to create pieces to be loved and worn time and again.
Customers need not fear seeing their clothes on another person’s back however, with their couture pieces being one-offs, while their ready-to-wear range comes in runs of just 250.
This philosophy sees considerably more care go into their fantastic creations than your average high street t-shirt.
Lyndsay said: “We’ve had pieces that two people were working on solidly for nine days, sometimes there were four people working on each one at a time. We love doing that, though we hate it at the time.”
“There were tears, there was blood,” Jenn adds laughing.
The mezzanine level of their workshop holds office paraphernalia and, on occasion, a mattress for mammoth working shifts.
In the run up to one show they lived in the workshop for two weeks solid, making sure they met deadline.
Their CV shows the effort has been more than worth it however.
They’ve showcased during London Fashion Week, featured in Vogue multiple times, can boast a clutch of prestigious award nominations and seen celebs such as Little Mix, Amelia Lily, Lana Del Rey, Laura Whitmore and Marina Diamandis wear their clothing.
They’ve also been selected to be part of Scotland Re; Designed pop up shop in Ocean’s Terminal from the first of November for three months.
It will be their first physical shop in the UK, selling their ready-to-wear range, available at a lower price point.
Emerald-haired Lyndsay joked: ‘We’re so excited. We might be our own mystery shoppers, though we might need to use one of our many wigs.”
Click here to see a gallery from when the duo set a catwalk on fire for a fashion show. 
 