PETER Moore was found guilty of murdering his brother Derek, 25, at their mother's flat in Drive Road, Govan, on January 3. Dad-of-two jailed for at least 18 and a half years for stabbing his brother to death - Daily Record A DAD-of-two jailed for at least 18 and a half years for stabbing his brother to death.
Peter Moore, 28, of O'Hare, Bonhill, Dunbartonshire, was found guilty of murdering his brother Derek, 25, at their mother's flat in Drive Road, Govan, on January 3.
Judge Lady Wolffe sentenced Moore to life imprisonment and told him: &quot;You stand convicted of the murder of your own brother in the house of your mother. In convicting you the jury rejected your defence of self defence.&quot;
Lady Wolffe told Moore that although his brother was initially the aggressor by punching him, he had used a knife on him as he lay on the ground.
The High Court in Glasgow heard that Derek Moore suffered 70 wounds - many of them defensive.
He was stabbed four times and the fatal wound which caused massive internal bleeding was to his abdomen.
The court heard that a trial of blood leading from the flat to the common close was consistent with Derek Moore having been dragged out of the house and on to a downstairs landing.
Lady Wolffe told Moore: &quot;You left him there to die. This was a prolonged and vicious attack.
&quot;The crime of murder is a most egregious crime. You have doubly punished your family.&quot;
She set the punishment part of the life sentence at 18 and a half years.
The two brothers had been staying at their mother's Glasgow home over the festive period.
In a police interview Moore told detectives: &quot;I said I wasn't going to fight with him again.&quot;
The court heard that on a previous occasion Derek Moore broke his brother's jaw.
That fight was witnessed in front of a six-year-old boy, who was also present at the early stages of the fatal fight before being taken away by his mother.
Moore told police: &quot;When we fight we fight for hours. I can't remember arguing with him. He's pure evil when he's been drinking. He doesn't give a f***. He started it and now he's f***ing dead.&quot;
 Moore's partner Ashley Picken, 24, told of how she was woken up by the sound of the brothers arguing and fighting.  When asked how Derek Moore had been earlier that night she replied: &quot;He was angry.&quot; 
She told prosecutor Paul Kearney: &quot;I looked out into the hallway and I saw Peter standing over Derek with a knife in his hand hitting Derek. He was hitting Derek in the legs and the side of his body with the knife. Derek was lying down on the floor on his back.&quot;
Moore, who has five pages of previous convictions including a number for violence, did not give evidence during the trial.
He denied murdering his brother and claimed his brother started the fight.
Yesterday defence counsel Matt Jackson said: &quot;There was a history between the deceased and his brother. A pattern of drinking and arguing and it was not unusal for that arguing to become violent. The accused had been badly assaulted in at least one occasion by the deceased.
&quot;He admitted from the outset that he had used the knife to inflict the fatal blow. The trial was never an attempt to deny that.
&quot;He must accept responsibility for the murder of his brother. He was the one who administered the fatal blow that night.&quot;
 Try your hand at today's news quiz 

 