Ronny Deila insists Kris Commons wants to stay at Celtic, despite speculation linking him with a switch to Bolton. Celtic: Boss Ronny Deila says Kris Commons wants to stay Date: Thursday, 23 October Venue: Celtic Park Kick-off: 20:05 BST
Coverage: Listen on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW and DAB digital radio, live text commentary on BBC Sport website
 Ronny Deila insists Kris Commons wants to stay at Celtic, despite speculation linking him with a switch to Bolton. 
 Commons was named PFA Scotland player of the year last season after netting 27 goals in all competitions. 
 And he is reportedly a target for Bolton, after former Celtic boss Neil Lennon was appointed their new manager. 
 &quot;Kris has a contract here and he wants to stay at Celtic, that's what I know and that's what I'll be working for,&quot; said manager Deila. 
 &quot;We speak together all the time, the players and the staff. We are used to these rumours,&quot; Deila added as he revealed Commons faces a fitness test ahead of the Europa League meeting with Astra Giurgiu of Romania on Thursday. 
 Commons scored the only goal as Celtic beat Dinamo Zagreb  in their last Europa League outing, leaving the Scottish champions with four points from two Group D games. 
 The Romanians have yet to pick up a point and, while Deila knows two wins against Astra in the next two games will put Celtic in a strong position to reach the knockout stages, he refuses to underestimate the minnows. 
 &quot;It's a very important match and if we can win tomorrow we put ourselves in a very good position,&quot; the Norwegian said. 
 &quot;If we can win both games against them it is fantastic, but they are a very good team and the Europa League is a high level. 
 &quot;They haven't started so well but we know what Astra is capable of doing - if they are playing in the Scottish league they would be top, and that's the level we are going to meet tomorrow. But I know if we are at our best we have a very good chance to win.&quot; 
 Celtic have been praised for their Europa League performances this term but Deila believes there is more to come from his side. 
 &quot;I think in the offensive play we can create more, but in the last few weeks we have started to do that in Scotland and hopefully we can do that in the Europa League,&quot; he added. 
 &quot;It's going to be a big and good test for us. It's a European match, everything can happen, but if we create a lot and play a good game we have a very good chance to win.&quot; 
 