GLASGOW'S Artstore has launched a Made in Glasgow scheme to help artists and designers showcase their talent and entrepreneurial spirit. Artstore project is helping Glasgow creators find potential business success for their designing ideas - Daily Record THE bosses behind a Made in Glasgow scheme have called on city residents to back new artistic ventures.
The city’s Artstore are trying to help artists and designers showcase their talent and launch sustainable businesses with advice from a mentor, a budget and prominent space to sell their product.
Stefanie Cheong, a jeweller, said she finds producing items satisfying when she sees the reaction of customers, as well as enjoying using scrap metals to create something new.
She added: “There has been a resurgence of making things by hand and selling them all over the world.
“We encounter many students who are keen to have a career in the creative industries and by providing information on how to set up a business, we hope to encourage them and let them see that it is possible to be successful.
“We also need consumers to support the local economy and buying local will help these emerging businesses to flourish.
“It’s similar to the backlash against big supermarkets. There are huge companies on all sides who threaten to take away the individuality of small creative businesses and we don’t want to see that happen.”
Cheong said producing items in the city helps retain Glasgow’s identity, as an alternative to chain stores who are “taking the individuality out of the High Street”.
She added: “I don’t think the city has forgotten how to make things as people use our store every day to buy supplies to make and produce a wide range of products.
“I just think there is a lack of prominent places to sell things, since chain stores have been taking over our city centre, squeezing out the smaller independent retailers.”
 Entry forms for Made in Glasgow are available in-store and online at www.artstore.co.uk/blog/artstore-made-in-glasgow/ . 
 