COLLEAGUES of Dave Brown at Man Candy Butlers have been too distraught to work following the bodybuilder's death earlier this month. Naked butler's company vow to restart business next year after bodybuilder drops dead in front of fiancee - Daily Record  A NAKED butler who dropped dead after lifting a bodybuilding championship will have his memory honoured as his company has vowed to carry on without him.
Dave Brown's business, Man Candy Butlers, which provide hunky men to serve nibbles at thousands of functions and hen nights, made the difficult decision to restart in January.
His colleagues had cancelled all their bookings when the 32-year-old died earlier this month.

His fiancee Marguerita Vonral posted the news to his followers on his Facebook page.
She wrote: &quot;So tonight we made the decision that Dave got all of us involved in the butler business, Dave made us all Man Candy Butlers and thats not something we can just let go. 
&quot;Its a bit raw right now because we all miss him so much so we are still cancelling all bookings until the end of the year but will be back 'doing our job' as of January. 
  
&quot;And of course in Dave's honour theres already a charity we are planning to help. Aprons on, abs out x.&quot;
The much loved personal trainer died after lifting the Miami Pro UK bodybuilding championship.
He was driving home with girlfriend Marguerita Vonral when he suddenly stopped breathing. He died minutes later as she desperately tried to revive him.
Before the event, Dave – a personal trainer and founding member of the Man Candy Butlers – had thanked friends who wished him well. 
He told them: “Thank you everyone but the real inspiration for me was Marguerita Vonral. She believed in me and she entered me.
“I would never have taken the steps required to do something like this. It’s having Mags behind me that’s important to me, not standing on stage and placing or winning.
“It’s all about the journey to get there for me and I wouldn’t be making this journey if it wasn’t for my rock! Love u babe!! You did this!!”
Dave was thrilled about winning the competition in St Albans, Hertfordshire, and earning his WBFF pro card – confirming his status in the bodybuilding world.
On social media his Facebook followers were delighted Man Candy Butlers would survive.
Lorraine Chambers Dines wrote: &quot;That's fantastic. Let his passion and memory live on it was the boys do best xx&quot;
Sonia Christina added: &quot;Lovely, Dave will live on through you all, fabulous tribute to a wonderful guy 
And Stacey Farren echoed the sentiments from all his fans, she posted: &quot;Dave would be so proud of each &amp; every one of you &amp; his memory will continue to live on in Man Candy Butlers .. Well done Mags &amp; Boys.&quot;
Try your hand at our news quiz

 