MAKE Words founder Fi Scott says Glasgow has a wealth of quality fabricators and ways of making here - and Glaswegians need to see the potential. Made in Glasgow: Make Works champions the talent and creativity of city manufacturers - Daily Record FI SCOTT founded Make Works while studying product design at Glasgow School of Art and realising the importance of making things. Frustrated by not being able to get things made in Glasgow, she started to interview those creating all manner of products in the city.
She said: “Last year we visited more than 120 factories, workshops and makers across Scotland. In Glasgow we were spoilt for choice. From family-run tanneries, die-casting foundries, electronic circuit board factories, through to skilled craftsmen and traders regularly working alongside talented artists to produce some of the most exciting visual art in the world, Glasgow has a wealth of quality fabricators and ways of making here. It is truly fantastic to see.
“Making things here is valuable for the city. It develops skilled employment and supports a stronger infrastructure of small businesses in the economy. It also allows local businesses to take responsibility for how products are made and explain that to their consumers.
“Most importantly, however, is the feeling of empowerment that comes as a result of being able to make almost anything. This is a fantastic feeling for the makers themselves, designers involved in the process; and culturally crucial for the city to grasp hold of. In the future we will be able to boutique manufacture almost anything we need here, not only through technologies like 3D printing, but in utilising the existing skills and facilities that are still in existence.
“Glaswegians can ensure these businesses can grow and thrive by looking to understand how the world around them is made.
“Don’t assume that industrial estates you pass are empty, take a look and an interest in what is inside. If you need something made, consider that there is a likelihood that you can have it made here and you probably could have something made bespoke for less than you expect. Doing this supports a thriving local economy of small businesses and the development of these skills.
“The more we encourage the younger generation to go into trained apprenticeships, trade skills, engineering and design too then this will continue to boost these industries in the future.”
 