MUM-OF-ONE Lyndsey Stirling, 28, claimed she was suffering from “booze amnesia” when she attacked 81-year-old Daniel Martin, leaving him semi-naked and severely injured on the floor. She-devil admits beating Daniel, 81, to a pulp in his home just after Hogmanay bells - Daily Record A CARER yesterday admitted brutally battering a pensioner in his own home just after the Hogmanay bells.
Mum-of-one Lyndsey Stirling, 28, claimed she was suffering from “booze amnesia” when she attacked 81-year-old Daniel Martin, leaving him semi-naked and severely injured on the floor.
The great-grandad had just come home from seeing in the New Year with relatives a few doors down when Stirling got into his terraced house.
His family yesterday told how Daniel’s health had deteriorated quickly since the assault.
But they were denied an explanation for the horror attack when Stirling’s solicitor told Glasgow Sheriff court that she remembered nothing of the assault or the reason behind it.
 

Twice-married Stirling admitted severely injuring Daniel in the city’s Easterhouse by repeatedly punching him on the head and body and applying pressure to his body with her foot on January 1.
Daniel’s daughter Agnes McMahon yesterday told the Record how callous Stirling had shattered any hope of her father enjoying his twilight years in peace.
She said: “Dad has no quality of life now. He used to be so proud of his appearance and was going to see his brothers and sisters all the time, getting buses everywhere.&nbsp; 
“Now he can’t sleep without the door open and the light on. He will never be the same.
“The guilty plea is a major step forward so we are relieved. But it is very strange that she can remember certain things in detail but not attacking him.”
The court heard Stirling had been drinking with her husband, brother and his girlfriend in a city bar when she had a row with her partner and left in a taxi to head to a friend’s house.
She was asked to leave the cab when the driver realised she didn’t have enough money and found herself outside Daniel’s house on Connisborough Street.
 

Daniel had been helped home at 12.10am by Agnes, who helped him get ready for bed before returning to the party.
Fiscal depute Mark Allan said Daniel was watching TV when he heard a knock at the front door.
He said: “When he opened the door, he was confronted by Lyndsey Stirling, who made a comment similar to ‘you’re my stepfather’.
“She then struck him on the face with her elbow, causing him to fall. She then continued the assault. She continually struck him as he lay on the floor.
“Mr Martin can recall the accused placing a foot on his chest and applying pressure by placing her hands on her knee and pushing down.”
The prosecution said a call was made by Stirling to her brother while she was in Daniel’s home, during which the pensioner could be heard saying he wanted her to leave his house.
Stirling was then caught inside the house by Agnes and another relative after they returned to check on the pensioner.
But it is thought Stirling could have been there for up to an hour.
Allan said: “They saw him lying on the floor with no clothing on his lower body and his pyjama top ripped open.
“She saw he had bruising to his face and arms and Mr Martin said, ‘Agnes, they have battered me.’
“When they challenged the accused, she said, ‘That is my stepdad’.”
Agnes called for the rest of the family to come to the house and Stirling was restrained by her husband while they waited for police after she tried to escape over a garden fence and fell.
When the emergency services arrived, both Daniel and Stirling were taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary but the court heard the attacker was allowed to leave after receiving treatment for minor cuts and bruises.
The court heard Daniel spent three days in hospital before being released but he was readmitted on two further occasions for a lung and bladder infection – something medics said was unusual considering his previous health.
Allan said the doctor who treated Daniel on his readmission said he had suggested counselling because the pensioner was “withdrawn, appeared shaken and was reluctant to return home”.
He said: “He concluded that the complainer had been traumatised by the events.
“I have been advised that prior to the incident that Mr Martin was outgoing, alert and with no health issues.
“I’m told now he doesn’t go out and spends the majority of time in his bed.
“He is now very confused, so much so that he recently asked Mrs McMahon where his wife was even though she died 20 years ago.”
Defence advocate Margaret Bresling told the court that Stirling wanted to “apologise unreservedly” for the assault but had no recollection of it due to blackouts associated with binge drinking.
She said Stirling thought she recalled seeing Daniel standing in his doorway and had approached the house to ask to use his phone.
The solicitor said: “There is some history of Lyndsey Stirling suffering from severe amnesia when she is under the influence of alcohol.
“She had taken nearly half a bottle of wine leading to amnesia. She has no explanation to offer for what happened to Mr Martin at her hands.”
Bresling said Stirling had previously turned to binge drinking after the breakdown of her first marriage, which also left her morbidly obese and weighing 16 stone.
She said the mum – who has worked as a home help on various occasions – was trying hard to overcome her problems and had not drunk since the night of the attack on Daniel.
Sheriff John Beckett said he would consider all punishments in the “serious and somewhat unusual” case and would defer sentence on Stirling until next month so background reports could be prepared.
He allowed Stirling’s bail to continue.
Try your hand at our news quiz

 