GUITAR maker Jimmy Moon has been some of the world's top musicians with instruments for decades from the south side of Glasgow. He's the man behind some of your favourite music - and Jimmy Moon is a true industrial artist - Daily Record THE sun is pouring through the upstairs door that once would have had goods hoisted up through it. Today, the light shines on Stephen Devine, the “old apprentice” at Moon Guitars in Shawlands. He’s been there since 1986.
“I’m still learning,” Stephen admits. The “younger” apprentice has only been there 15 years.
 The main man, Jimmy Moon, has been building instruments since was 15, when he made  an Appalachian Dulcimer which he still owns. 
Since then, he’s made guitars for Adele, Coldplay, Simple Minds, Texas, Paolo Nutini, Bryan Adams, Scissor Sisters, Dougie MacLean and many, many more.
But it was British folk legend John Pearse who inspired him to begin a labour of love that now spans five decades.
Jimmy said: “At the beginning I saw a TV programme about John and how to make the Dulcimer – it was quite fashionable in the 70s. I met him at a trade show and said, ‘It’s your fault.’”
Jimmy left school at 15 and got an apprenticeship as an engineering tool maker. He worked until he was 20 then toured Europe – “because I could”.
He then met wife Joan on the Isle of Arran and had to decide what to do with the rest of his life. Working on a farm didn’t suit him, and he didn’t know anyone in Scotland who was making guitars, so he chose that.
Jimmy recalled: “I tried to get into a college in London and they just laughed at me.
“I was lucky that my younger brother was an active musician and that got me inside guitars. And I got an eye for the exterior, one of the most important parts for someone buying a guitar.
“I was lucky that everything I made worked. I was after technical excellence. My toolmaking days taught me how to lay out really accurately and how to use hand tools.”
Jimmy set up Moon Guitars on Arran in 1979 and moved the business to Glasgow in 1985. And the big names keep coming back to his door.
He said: “The repair side kept me solvent, and by the time we moved from Arran we had 20 bands from Glasgow with accounts with us. You can advertise as much as you like but it’s word of mouth that works.
“Running a business is harder than making a guitar. I’m still learning new skills, but once you master the manufacturing you have to learn the business side the hard way.”
So is Jimmy interested in passing on his skills to new, young guitar makers? The short answer is No.
“There’s colleges that do that,” the 65-year-old said. “I’m not a patient person.
 “The boy has been here since 1986 – that’s a substantial apprenticeship. The new boy has  been here 15 years.”&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Stephen, the 46-year-old “boy” recalls how Jimmy gave him a day’s trial at 18 after his college instructor put him forward for an interview.
He’s been here ever since and loves making and repairing guitars. Just don’t ask him to play one.
“I don’t play all,” Stephen, from Queens Park, admitted. “A lot of guys just wanted to play guitar – my motivation was to do the work.
“If a guitar has been badly repaired or damaged, then the end result is very satisfying.
“Starting with a piece of wood and then seeing someone play it in the shop is great. People are always amazed by the detail and the work involved in constructing the finished article. I don’t think people realise the work that goes in.
“You can buy a Chinese guitar for &pound;70. Ours are a bit more expensive, but natural construction.”
Jimmy admits it’s tough keeping a small business healthy. He says Glasgow is full of great local artisans, making everything from dresses to cakes, but “people buy price”.
Even getting the wood for his guitars, mandolins and other instruments is a challenge. He said: “When I started, I could go to any sawmill. It’s a desert now.”
But no matter what problems he faces, Jimmy still loves seeing the fruits of his labour.
“It’s a good buzz,” he smiles. “We work as a team and all have different strengths. At the end when it’s polished and the strings are on? Brilliant.”
Both Jimmy and his “old” apprentice say they would encourage Glaswegians to make things.
“Learn to use tools – that’s the basis of everything,” says Jimmy. “We’ve had people come in who couldn’t swing a hammer. What we do is more like an industrial art.”
 To learn more, visit www.moonguitars.co.uk.
&nbsp;
Who owns a Moon Guitar?
Adele – Model 0002CE.
Adam Sutherland – Treacherous Orchestra – Standard Mandolin.
Ally McErlaine – Texas and Red Sky July – Model 0002/SB and Custom Electric.
Babydaddy – Scissor Sisters – Custom Flying V Banjo
Big Country – Stuart Adamson and Bruce Watson commissioned various electric guitars and mandolins in the 80s and 90s.
Bryan Adams –Signature Model Guitar and RD3
Coldplay – Guy Berryman – Custom Acoustic Bass and AplusE Mandolin – sunburst.
Craig Armstrong – composer (films including Romeo &amp; Juliet, Moulin Rouge, Ray, Love Actually) – Custom Super Jumbo – black finish.
Dougie MacLean – Signature Model 000
Donnie Munro – Runrig – Model 0001 and 0003/12 string.
Innes Watson – guitarist, fiddler, composer and arranger – Custom 0003 with Black Acacia back &amp; sides.
Kassidy – Lewis Andrew– Lewis has two custom 12 string guitars
Lee Ann Womack band – Joe Manuel – Standard Bouzouki
Paolo Nutini – RD3
Pet Shop Boys – Neil Tennant – double cutaway electric
Phil Cunningham – Phil has a Standard Mandolin and recently took delivery of a custom Tenor Ukulele with a little accordion inlaid on the headstock.
Roy Harper – Custom African Rosewood Dreadnought
Sandi Thom – Plus E Mandolin
Simple Minds – Charlie Burchill – transparent black Custom Hollow body 6 string and a Jazz style semi acoustic 12 string with the Claddah symbol inlaid on the headstock.
Trevor Rabin – former Yes guitarist, now soundtrack composer for movies including Armageddon and Enemy of the State. His RD3 was a gift from Bryan Adams.
Wet Wet Wet – Graeme Duffin – cherry red ‘Tele’ style electric, a sunburst 6/12 double neck and a hollow body 12 string. Graham Clark also had a transparent black double cutaway electric.
Zac Ware – Proclaimers guitarist – A Plus E - sunburst
 