Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has tabled a counter offer to former Rangers director Dave King in the battle for control of the Ibrox club. Rangers: Mike Ashley makes loan offer to cash-strapped club  Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has tabled a counter offer to former Rangers director Dave King in the battle for control of the Ibrox club. 
 King returned to his South African base on Thursday after he and his allies failed to come to an agreement with the board over a &pound;16m funding package. 
 Ashley, who already owns 8.29% of Rangers shares, has now offered an emergency funding loan. 
 The Glasgow club needs a cash injection to cover wages beyond November. 
 Ashley has been in negotiations with Rangers over the last 24 hours and, should the Englishman's offer be accepted, will demand control of the Scottish Championship club's board. 
 That will include the removal of chief executive Graham Wallace and finance director Phil Nash, with Ashley choosing their replacements. 
&quot;It looks as though things will linger on. It doesn't look like it will be sorted this week, that's for sure. I'm not frustrated - far from it. I'm extremely motivated and so are my players.&quot;
 Wallace and Nash were supportive of the bid by King's group, which includes fellow Scottish businessmen George Letham and Paul Murray. 
 However, director Sandy Easdale, who controls a 26% block of shares, would not agree to a further rights issue that would have diluted that holding. 
 Ashley, who already has control of Rangers' shirt sales and retail division and owns the naming rights for Ibrox Stadium, would also not back King's proposal. 
 Before departing for South Africa, King issued a statement saying that his group's offer remains on the table and that he was still hopeful that the club would accept it. 
 Rangers manager Ally McCoist is hoping a cash injection will help him improve his side, who sit second in the table, in January, but insists that the failure of the King bid to reach agreement has not left him frustrated. 
 &quot;I know Dave said he was still hopeful of getting a deal done, but I don't think we are any further on in terms of information to where that will take us,&quot; he said. 
 &quot;There have been no final talks or a yes or no about where we are going. 
 &quot;It looks as though things will linger on. It doesn't look like it will be sorted this week, that's for sure. 
 &quot;With what has been happening at the club over the last two or three years, we have got a mentality now that we expect anything. 
 &quot;So I'm not frustrated - far from it. I'm extremely motivated and so are my players.&quot; 
 