Glasgow Caledonian University are using 3D printing technology to give long-term solutions to orthopaedic problems. 3D printers are helping improve Glasgow lives with 21st century solutions to foot pain - Daily Record THINK of 3D printers and the mind goes into overdrive, churning out fantastical inventions.
Piles of Louboutin shoes in every shade, a gold-plated replica of David Gandy, an Oscar to practice THAT speech in the bathroom mirror …
Thankfully, students at Glasgow Caledonian University are using 3D printing technology for a more worthwhile cause – to improve the lives of people suffering foot pain.
Tucked away in a small lab on the university campus, Professor Jim Woodburn and his team are testing the latest developments in orthopaedic technology, to give patients the best long-term solutions.
It’s deceptively simple when you watch it in action. A scan is first made of the foot, which takes a matter of seconds.
Then digital technology is used to create a design to address the needs of the patient.
This is transformed into a 3D replica in a small glass case.
It seems so fast, clean and waste free – a modern antithesis to a dusty craftsman’s workshop.
The comparison provokes Jim to reel off the benefits of 3D printing.
He said: “It’s far more accurate than a handmade item.
“We have the ability to reproduce the product if it’s broken, lost or needs to be removed.
“It’s cleaner, it’s not more environmentally friendly but there’s less waste.
“It’s a nicer environment to work in. You don’t have fumes from glues and dust from hand manufacturing.”
Woodburn and his team are constantly looking ahead to develop the equipment further.
The department received a business grant last month to test a new orthotic device that aids diabetes patients.
As many sufferers of the condition lose sensations in their feet, they are more at risk from developing ulcers.
This is because they don’t feel pain if they stand on a sharp item or kick something. An infected sore is common but can turn very serious.
Jim said: “Ulcerations are a pathway to having a foot amputated.
“We are looking at devices with sensors to give them a warning.
“The patient will be sent an alarm bell – a text message saying there is a problem, that they are at risk.
“We’ll tell the patient to sit down for a period, or contact us. That’s critical to prevent the ulcer. It’s about making these products intelligent.”

The team are also looking to personalise the equipment, to work with the patient to create a design for the product.
For example, a child could get their favourite football team logo emblazed on the side.
Extra features such as iPad clips can also be incorporated.
Jim said: “If the patient feels involved in the design process, it leads to them using it more.”
It’s a simple concept that could have life-changing consequences.
His enthusiasm for the potential of 3D printing is infectious. He has no doubts that great creations are yet to be made from the technology.
He said: “Once you have got that concept of scan design made, there is a translational aspect.
“If you can get the shape, if you’ve got good CAD (computer aided design) tools, then you’ve got real capability.
“We need to use 3D printing to make new things, not just replicate old things.
“Using 3D printing is not the fastest or cheapest method of reproduction, so you have to use it to create something better, with better functional properties.”
The technology does not appear mind blowing – there are no Matrix-style grids and touch screens, and the team don’t talk to each other in Morse code.
Yet, Jim explains, the benefits of this technology can be psychological as well as physical.
He said: “Imagine a patient that loves walking the dog with his wife.
“Due to foot pain, he comes up with excuses to avoid going out, and stays in the house.
“It can be a downward spiral. We have to think of the living consequences.
“How can we keep the patient in a job, in housing. It’s about the living experience.”
It was this life-enhancing potential that attracted PhD student Richard Allan, 26, to specialise in musculoskeletal rehabilitation research.
He said: “I did bioengineering for my undergraduate degree.
“During my postgraduate degree we did a module in orthotics and prosthetics and that was where it grasped me.
“It was interesting how it benefited the patient and that was one area in which I could apply the skills I’d learnt.
“It can enhance someone’s quality of life.
“If you don’t perform the research you can’t enhance knowledge, with public health you want to strive for the best solution to help people.”
&nbsp;
NOW that 3D printers are available for the home, what was once science fiction has become fact.
A scanner costs around &pound;200 and the printer itself less than &pound;1000.
The CAD (computer aided design) software can be downloaded for free.
Despite its potential for good, guns built almost entirely from plastic have already been made at the press of a button.
There is, as yet, no method of regulation put in place to control this.
Professor Woodburn is less keen to discuss the disadvantages of 3D printing.
He said: “That’s not something that interests us. We research here for patient benefit.
“If 3D printers are accessible on the high street to buy, if people have different motives, that’s up to them.
“A lot of it is hyper-inflated. Some exciting things can come out of individual use.
“There will be a lot of rubbish made, and a lot of innovation.”
One innovative use of the technology is the research being done to take the printers into space.
If a piece of aircraft or equipment breaks during a mission, the technology is able to create replicas.
It seems the sky’s the limit when 3D printers are involved.
 