Manager Ronny Deila was delighted to see Stefan Scepovic finally get off the mark as Celtic beat Astra Giurgiu 2-1 in the Europa League. Celtic: Ronny Deila thrilled to see Stefan Scepovic break his duck  Manager Ronny Deila was delighted to see Stefan Scepovic finally get off the mark as Celtic beat Astra Giurgiu 2-1 in the Europa League. 
 The Serbian striker, signed in the summer, missed a host of great chances before he opened the scoring with a second-half header to break his duck. 
 &quot;I'm happy for him that he gets the goal,&quot; Deila told BBC Scotland. 
 &quot;I kept him on the pitch because he was getting chances and I know what a goalscorer he is.&quot; 
 Stefan Johansen added the second before Gabriel Enache replied for the Romanians, but Celtic held on to stay top of Group D with seven points from three games. 
 Scepovic arrived in a &pound;2m deal from Spanish club Sporting Gijon and Deila expects him to now go from strength to strength. 
 &quot;We know what he has, he is always in front of goal smelling the chances and, in the end, he got a very good goal,&quot; the Norwegian said. 
 &quot;He really wants to score for this club. He was tense before the game and it was a big relief for him when he scored. 
 &quot;I'm sure this will not be his last goal for the club. When you score your first goal, you become more confident.&quot; 
 The visitors had the best of the first-half openings and Deila admitted that it was down to &quot;stupid mistakes&quot; and &quot;bad passing&quot; from his charges. 
 He was &quot;very happy&quot; with the win but is looking for improvements. 
 &quot;When we went to 2-0, I hoped the game was over, but they came back and that was disappointing,&quot; the manager added. 
 &quot;We want to get better and get things quicker, but we had a lot of possession in the game, especially in the first half. In the end, we had eight chances, which is not so bad, but things should go quicker.&quot; 
 Salzburg beat Dinamo Zagreb 4-2 in the other Group D game on Thursday night. 
 Celtic visit Romania next, knowing another win over Astra will clinch qualification if Salzburg see off the Croatians again. 
 However, Deila said: &quot;I never take anything for granted. There is a lot of hard work left.&quot; 
 