GLASGOW high school pupils are being given the chance to get early training for futures working as carers. Caring Glasgow pupils are enrolling in training to make a career from their desire to help others - Daily Record CITY pupils from four schools are learning skills to prepare them to work in the care industry.
Organised by Cordia in partnership with Glasgow City Council’s Education Department and Social Work Services, the ‘Determined to Care’ scheme started this week with its first enrolment of 10 pupils.
The youngsters have expressed an interest in care and will get eight weeks of training, designed to give them experience and qualifications to assist entry into the sector.
Kerrie Lavery, 16, who goes to Drumchapel High School, currently spends time looking after her grandmother, Elanor, 61, who suffered a stroke shortly after her husband passed away earlier this year.
She goes shoping for her grandmother and makes sure that lids and bottles are easily opened around the house, as Elanor has limited mobility on one side.
Kerrie said: “I’m looking forward to learning more about how to care for elderly and disabled people as I’d really like to be a carer when I leave school.”
Fellow Drumchapel pupil Demi Stewart, also 16, helps her grandmother Barbara, 68, and her aunt is a home carer with Cordia.
She added: “I’ve always thought I’d like to be a carer and the course is a great way to get the proper experience.”
The pupils - from Drumchapel, Lochend, St Pauls and Bannerman high schools - will attend training classes for three days per week, as part of day release from their schools.
Candidates will be trained in moving and handling, dementia awareness, adult and support protection and dealing with challenging behaviour, giving them an insight into the daily duties and roles of a home-carer.
Training will be divided between nine days of classroom based learning at Cordia’s Learning Centre and 14 sessions of on-site shadowing of carers in Glasgow City Council’s day care facilities
Cordia’s Learning Centre contains a full scale replica household environment for teaching trainees in a realistic setting.
The learning centre home has a bed for lifting and handling, a reproduced kitchen and even a fully functioning bathroom for introducing trainees into how to bath clients.
From the course, pupils will also receive training in ReHiS food hygiene, emergency first aid and an introduction to SVQ 2 in health and social care – each of which will give them an official qualification which they can use for their CV.
Frances McMeeking,head of care services at Cordia, said: “This is an excellent opportunity for all of the candidates involved, taking part in a rewarding training course to develop the skills needed to become a home-carer.
“It’s fantastic to see school pupils show an active interest in the care-sector from such an early age and we’re proud to be helping them progress.”
 