SHOCKED April Moore spoke out after seeing killer Peter, 28, ordered to serve at least 18-and-a-half years of a life term. As man is jailed for 18 years for killing his brother, devastated mum declares.. It feels like I have lost two sons - Daily Record THE devastated mum of a man murdered by his brother said last night: “I’ve lost two sons.”
Shocked April Moore spoke out after seeing killer Peter, 28, ordered to serve at least 18-and-a-half years of a life term.
She had already pledged not to desert Moore, who stabbed his brother Derek, 25, to death at her home in January.
Derek had a total of 70 wounds, most of them defensive, and the fatal stab wound to his abdomen caused massive internal bleeding.
April, 55, from Govan, Glasgow, said last night: “I never thought he would receive such a long sentence.
“I thought he would be out in about eight or nine years but he’s got to do 18 before he can even be considered for release. It’s just too hard to even talk about or think about just now. We’re all devastated.
“This sentence means I’ve lost two sons. I’m not angry with the courts, I’m just angry at the whole situation. It should never have come to this.”
 

April visited her son at Glasgow’s Barlinnie maximum security prison while he was awaiting sentence.
He is being held in a segregated holding cell after attacking prison officers earlier this month.
April said: “I’ve been to visit Peter because he’s not coping very well. He can’t believe what he’s done, he’s heartbroken. It’s absolutely awful.”
Dad-of-two Moore, from Bonhill, Dunbartonshire, had denied murder.
Passing sentence, judge Lady Wolffe told him: “This was a prolonged and vicious attack. You have doubly punished your family.”
The court heard Derek had previously broken Moore’s jaw.
The killer told police: “He’s pure evil when he’s been drinking. He doesn’t give a f***. He started it and now he’s dead.”
Before sentence, Moore’s defence counsel Matt Jackson said: “There was a history between the deceased and his brother. A pattern of drinking and arguing.
“He must accept responsibility for the murder of his brother. He was the one who administered the fatal blow that night.”
Try your hand at our news quiz

 