St Mirren defender Ellis Plummer is a fitness doubt as he bids to recover from a groin problem.  Coverage: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland &amp; BBC Sport website
 St Mirren defender Ellis Plummer is a fitness doubt as he bids to recover from a groin problem. 
 Experienced trio Steven Thompson, Gary Teale and Isaac Osbourne are missing for the hosts through injury, as is winger Gregg Wylde. 
 Ross County are without injured quartet Uros Celcer, Steven Saunders, Tim Dreesen and Rocco Quinn. 
 But recent signing Terry Dunfield has shaken off a groin pull to declare himself fit for the Staggies. 
  St Mirren defender Sean Kelly:  &quot;Obviously we need to improve and quickly. Hopefully we will get the result we need this weekend because it is a big game. 
 &quot;If we get that one result, we will kick on from there. But we need to go out and get it. 
 &quot;I'm not sure why we have struggled at home. Everyone is together here - the players, the manager and the fans. We all have a common goal which is to win games. 
 &quot;It's just one of those things really. Once we get that win, that will be the burden out of the road. 
 &quot;All our points have come away from home so far but I don't think that has got anything to do with the fans or the stadium or the pressure of playing at home. It's just a coincidence. 
 &quot;Some teams can find it easier playing away from home but that's not the case here. We prefer playing at home because you have got your own fans backing you. They give you the extra energy to keep going.&quot; 
  Ross County defender Graham Carey:  &quot;I've not really had a particularly good game against St Mirren when I have gone back down there - but I would like to put that right this weekend. 
 &quot;I've let myself down when I have played against them. Maybe that's psychological thing, I'm not sure. 
 &quot;We let ourselves down against Celtic off the ball and on it. We didn't play the way we have been in recent weeks. 
 &quot;There was no pressure on the ball at times and we gave it away repeatedly. The new manager has set us some higher standards to aim for but he will not accept what we did against Celtic.&quot; 
 