MARGARET Montgomery, who has been left with a prosthetic eye after the operation at Stobhill, said she could feel the surgeon cutting into her eye with scissors through her local anaesthetic. Furious gran tells how routine cataract surgery has cost her an eye and left her disfigured for life - Daily Record A FURIOUS gran has told how a bungling surgeon at the hospital where she worked cost her an eye and left her disfigured for life.
Margaret Montgomery went to Stobhill in Glasgow, where she was an auxiliary nurse, for what should have been a routine cataract operation.
But she could feel the surgeon cutting into her eye with scissors through her local anaesthetic.
And she said that when she went back to the hospital weeks later, she was told he had destroyed the sac of her eye.
Margaret, 67, told the Record she suffered a year of agonising pain and infections and an unsuccessful op to try to correct the damage.
But doctors eventually told her there was nothing more they could do and they would have to fit her with a prosthetic right eye.
She has now made an official complaint to health chiefs and appointed lawyers.
Margaret said of the initial operation in 2011: “I could feel panic coming from the surgeon and asked him to stop as he was hurting me and I shouldn’t have been feeling anything.
“The pain was from him putting in stitches and using scissors.
“He told me: ‘If I stop now, you will go blind.’ This lasted for a full 40 minutes.”
Margaret had previously had the op in her left eye with no problems, so she says she knew the surgery was going terribly wrong.
She said of the pain that followed over the next year: “It was terrible. I’ve never experienced anything like it. It felt like somebody was stabbing me constantly in the eye.
“Not only did I lose my sight and my eye but I’ve lost my independence. I don’t go out unless I have someone with me.
“I’ve lost all my confidence and I suffer from panic attacks.
“I planned to return to work after the op but of course I couldn’t.
“I just want answers. I don’t care about compensation. I just don’t want this happening to anyone else.”
NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde said: “As this is an ongoing legal claim, we are unable to comment.”
 