WHO Cares? Scotland will premiere two films which prove that being brought up in care does not always lead to a troubled life. National Care Leavers Week: New films reveal moving stories of two kids from care who achieved success against the odds - Daily Record YOUNGSTERS who leave care are often written off by society after suffering a chaotic upbringing and a lack of education and love.
But these two young people want to prove that doesn’t have to be the case.
As part of National Care Leavers Week, Who Cares? Scotland will today premiere two moving documentaries.
Thomas Timlin and Ashley Cameron, both 24, tell their story of life in care and how they have, against all the odds, become success stories.
Ashley has recently been awarded the Endsleigh Student of the Year 2014 award and is at Stirling University, where she is studying a BSc in Politics and Social Policy.
Thomas, from Paisley, is a development officer with Who Cares? Scotland and is a qualified social worker, who was awarded the Amundsen trophy from the University of the West of Scotland this year in recognition of his exceptional personal achievements.
Only four per cent of young people in care go from high school to higher education, compared with 36 per cent in the general population.
Ashley, Thomas and several other youngsters gave evidence in 2013 to the Scottish Parliament and their testimonies helped instigate the Children and Young People Scotland Act 2014, which included raising the age of leaving care from 16 to 21.
The film, Care: My Story, is candid but not bitter and through those who have found their voice, it speaks with passion for those who haven’t.
Today’s screening is at the Glasgow Film Theatre but it is hoped the film will be shown in other venues across Scotland.
Ashley was taken in to care at two because her mum was a drug addict.
The film joins her on the bus as she travels to university for her first day and she ponders what her mother would think of her achievement.
She says: “I wonder if she knows what I am doing and the journey I have been on.
 

“I could probably guess that she would say, ‘That’s really good hen’. Then the conversation would change, to drugs or money, unfortunately.
“When a family member is a drug addict it can make them quite selfish.
“I have had to work from the ground up to get here and to believe in myself. It has taken me a long time to do that but I am glad I can finally say, I am proud of myself.”
Ashley was fostered until age 13, then spent time in children’s homes.
In her young life, she was moved more than 40 times and was left to make her own way in the world at 16, with periods of homelessness.
Her foster placements had at times been unhappy and damaging.
At school, she was always the new girl and faced the stigma associated with being a child in care. She says: “A day at high school would have been panic inducing. I would hide myself away, I didn’t want to face the bullies.
“It was safer and better for me as a person to hide away than retaliate and shout.”
There is no trace of the fearful girl in the vibrant, articulate young woman Ashley is in the film, and university life has fitted her perfectly.
She credits much of her success in life to Mary Bateman, an advocate appointed to her by Who Cares? Scotland.
Addressing Parliament, Ashley said Mary had “no idea of the light and the love that she brings into my life”.
She said: “She has seen every single part of me. In fact, she embraced me and all parts of my identity way before I did. Life was tough in care but it could have been a lot worse had it not been for Mary.”
Ashley speaks of her joy at starting university and being recognised for her work, fighting for change in the care system, and imploring it to act as a parent, putting its child first.
She said: “Every other parent strives for that for their own children. They help them to find their voice, to grow as people, to dream about their futures and never ever to lose hope or faith in who they are. We need our corporate parents to want the same for us.”
Since graduating with a degree in social work, Thomas has been determined to support other young people who grew up in care.
The film follows Thomas as he retraces the steps of his care journey and explores the past that made him. Raw and emotional, the documentary looks at a future full of hope and the life that came before it.
 

It begins with his testimony to Parliament as he talks of being born into a family of seven where social work intervention was already a way of life before he and his twin brother were born.
He said: “My reality was that of social workers coming in and out of the family home and my time with my parents abruptly coming to an end. Sometimes that was because neighbours would hear my mum and dad trashing the place, sometimes it was because social workers would find us wearing carrier bags instead of nappies and sometimes it was because my parents had taken to squatting in order to get us a house with a front and back door.”
He talks eloquently of being taken into care and a life in constant transition between new foster parents, schools and places.
Last year, the former foster mother of Thomas and his brother was convicted of physically and mentally abusing them and two young girls while they were aged between two and seven.
The judge described the appalling conditions the children faced as “Dickensian”.
The twins were later adopted and they had to say goodbye to their mother.
“I was finally going to get things that I could say belonged to me – a home, a mum, a dad, a family,” said Thomas. “What I do not remember, however, is being asked whether I wanted to be adopted or being given any choice.
“The day that I had to say goodbye to my biological mother was the saddest day of my life so far. I still feel that pain when I talk about it today.”
The relationship with the adopted family ultimately broke down and the boys had to fend for themselves at the age of 16.
He said: “For my brother and I, our care journey ended with us sleeping by cycle paths and in railway stations. We were not entitled to support and we had no one to talk to about what was going to happen next.”
Yet, incredibly, with determination and remarkable resilience, the twins devoted themselves to study and both won places at university.
With no help from the system, charged with his care, Thomas found his own success, as did his brother, a lawyer. But Thomas is making his own happy ever after.
In an uplifting moment, the film shows Thomas outside the house he bought this year, a home of his own at last. Smiling, he said: “It is scary as I am doing it on my own but it will enable me to control my future and not have to live on other people’s terms.”
 