A man who was convicted of raping two women and assaulting two others has been jailed for eight years. Multiple rapist and abuser Alan Clark jailed A man who was convicted of raping two women and assaulting two others has been jailed for eight years.
Alan Clark, 39, abused the women in Glasgow, Clydebank and Dumbarton between 2001 and 2012.
The High Court in Edinburgh heard how he raped one woman who had helped him with literacy skills while he was in prison.
Judge Lord Carloway ordered Clark to be kept under supervision for a further four years after his release. 
The judge told him: &quot;You have been convicted of a catalogue of sexual and violent offences.&quot; 
The court heard how Clark, who had &quot;a significant criminal record&quot;, raped a woman who had helped to teach him during a previous prison sentence.
He was described as being &quot;charming and pleasant&quot; at first but later abused the woman who was pushed, slapped, gouged and handcuffed. 
On one occasion he tried to strangle her after she turned off the TV at a house in Dumbarton. 
After being raped the woman said she felt &quot;so low&quot; that she believed the attacks would only end when one of them died. 
Clark threatened to burn down her house and her parents' home during a four-year period up to the end of 2005. 
He also raped a second woman in 2008 at a flat in the Bridgeton area of Glasgow. 
During the ordeal he slashed clothes belonging to her and threatened to stab her dog. 
Clark also threatened to petrol bomb the woman's home. 
He also committed acts of violence against a fourth woman who was punched, kicked and jumped on. 
He threatened to throw her out of a window and tied her hands and ankles together with wire. 
During one incident in 2012 in Glasgow he tried to strangle her and dragged her through the door of a close and repeatedly struck her head against a concrete floor. 
Clark also robbed the woman of cash and destroyed photos belonging to her. 
A fourth woman was dragged by the hair and punched by Clark during incidents in Glasgow in 2010.
 