Clyde 1 radio presenters Knoxy and Cassi argue Glaswegians need to support and celebrate local success stories. Clyde 1's Knoxy and Cassi: We love what's made in Glasgow - Knoxy & Cassi - Daily Record Knoxy:
MADE in Glasgow are three words I love to see.
I’m a huge fan of local produce and would choose something manufactured in the city every time if I could.
Since I moved to the west of Scotland to start work at Clyde 1, I’ve been amazed by what there is on offer here.
I live in Shawlands and I’m really proud of the area. I’ve lived there for four years and like to use independent retailers.
Supporting local business is vital to the success of our thriving communities and as we all know, people make Glasgow.
We have an abundance of homegrown talent who have been, and still are, making waves all over the world.
Last Sunday, I went to the Clyde Auditorium to see one of the best. I’d never seen Billy Connolly perform live before but my dad is a big fan and has watched all his DVDs – it’s the only time he ever tolerates swearing.
Being a comedian must be one of the most daunting jobs in the entertainment industry. I know I’m stating the obvious but you have to be funny – all the time.
Glasgow humour is different and we support our own.
When Billy walked onstage, he paused for applause. It kept going and he said, “You’re only doing that because I’m sick”. The auditorium burst into laughter.
The show was absolutely hilarious and I highly recommend it – Billy is performing at the Armadillo this week and next.
Another institution I want to pay tribute to is Tunnock’s.
Their Teacakes, Caramel Wafers and Snowballs have, and will continue to be, some of my favourite treats.
The reaction the giant Teacakes got when they were included in the opening ceremony at Glasgow 2014 was fantastic. They were highly sought-after following their starring role and were auctioned off for big money.
My family live in Florida and some of the supermarkets stock UK-based products for the ex-pats who live there.
You see Dairy Milk chocolate, Robinson’s diluting juice, Tetley tea bags and one day I saw something that really made me smile – Caramel Wafers. The lady in the shop said they are the first to sell out.
It goes to show that no matter where we go in the world, we’ll always find a bit of Glasgow to take us right back home.
Cassi:
GLASGOW is known for its School of Art and it attracts students from around the world because of its reputation and excellence.
I left Eastwood High School in 2005 and art and design is one subject I really miss.
I got a Higher in art but left drawing behind to pursue other things.
Walking into Glasgow School of Art recently made me realise how proud I am to know that nearly 130 years on, the institution still boasts beautiful architecture and galleries. It attracts tourists from all over the world.
The school includes one of Glasgow’s most famous buildings, often considered as Charles Rennie Mackintosh’s masterpiece.
The library was known around the globe as being one of the finest examples of Art Nouveau and design.
I’m sure its reputation has not been tarnished after the unfortunate events in May.
I can remember the blaze like it was yesterday.
I was upset to hear that nearly a 10th of the structure had been fire-damaged and remember waiting to hear about the extent of the damage and how long it would take for parts of the school to be restored.
A &pound;20 million fundraising campaign is under way and it’s incredible that celebrities like Brad Pitt and Peter Capaldi are trustees. It is hoped the building –and the library – could be used by students again within three years.
I still pop into the cafe now and again. Working the breakfast shift at Clyde 1, it’s hard to juggle a social life.
At the end of the month, I’m going to the Art School’s Assembly Hall for Sensu. It’s set to be a good night – I just need a Halloween outfit.
 