Partick Thistle defender Danny Seaborne is suspended following his late red card at Tannadice last weekend.  Coverage: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland &amp; BBC Sport website
 Partick Thistle defender Danny Seaborne is suspended following his late red card at Tannadice last weekend. 
 Kallum Higginbotham and Gary Fraser both sit out with knee injuries but could return next week. 
 St Johnstone midfielders Chris Millar and Gary McDonald are back in contention following injury. 
 But on-loan Yeovil striker Adam Morgan is suspended, while Tam Scobbie and Steven MacLean remain on the sidelines with long-term knee injuries. 
  Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald:  &quot;It is vital that we don't lose the game. 
 &quot;We know St Johnstone will be hurting when they come. It is similar to when Motherwell came a couple of weeks ago so we know what to expect. 
 &quot;I have watched a couple of their games and they are not playing too badly. I don't think they are far away. 
 &quot;As any team would, they are missing Steven MacLean and Stevie May, because they are two very good strikers, but they have Brian Graham and James McFadden who are starting to get a bit of a partnership going.&quot; 
  St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright:  &quot;We think we should have done better and we have been working hard to rectify that. We are in a run that none of the players and staff have been happy with but we are working hard to try and get out of it. 
 &quot;I feel that there has been improvement in the performance and how much we can control games over the past couple of games, but we haven't got the results. 
 &quot;We still seem to be making mistakes which are punished as a team, compounded by the fact we are giving away too many cheap goals. We have got to get back to keeping clean sheets to give us the opportunity to go and win more games 
 &quot;We are losing games but of all the games we have lost I can't put my hand on heart and say that teams are totally dominating and giving us a tanking. That hasn't happened. 
 &quot;The players know themselves they can play better, and I suppose that's a positive in amongst the poor results, that we know we can be better and we know that if we get to the level we can then we will start picking up points.&quot; 
 