COUNCILLOR Billy McAllister, 60, has been reported to the procurator fiscal for the alleged homophobic breach of the peace. Glasgow City Council SNP deputy leader Billy McAllister suspended from party following alleged anti-gay outburst - Daily Record THE Deputy leader of Glasgow City Council’s SNP group has been suspended from the party following an alleged anti-gay outburst.
Councillor Billy McAllister, 60, is said to have called a fellow Yes campaigner a ‘b** boy’.
McAllister, who represents the city’s Canal Ward, has been reported to the procurator fiscal for the alleged homophobic breach of the peace.
The incident is said to have happened on August 26 just weeks before the Scottish referendum.
McAllister, who pled guilty to acting in a threatening or abusive manner and shouting, swearing and gesticulating aggressively towards bedroom tax campaigner John Park, is said to have approached political consultant Graham Campbell at a Yes Campaign shop on Maryhill Road in Glasgow
Campbell, whose partner is a woman - former MSP Anne McLaughlin - is said to have been targeted because of his links to socailist firebrand Tommy Sheridan.
Another man has also been reported for an alleged assault in connection with the same incident in the Yes shop.
A Police Scotland spokeswoman said: “We can confirm that a 47-year-old man was reported to the procurator fiscal for an alleged assault and a 60-year-old man for an alleged homophobic breach of the peace during an altercation which took place in Maryhill Road on August 26.”
A spokesman for the SNP said: “Councillor McAllister has been suspended from the SNP group and as a member of the SNP until such time as due legal process has been completed.”
McAllister won election to Glasgow City Council in 2006 by vowing to evict the Lyons crime gang from Chirnsyde, a taxpayer-funded community centre in Milton.
In March he pled guilty to acting in a threatening or abusive manner and shouting, swearing and gesticulating aggressively towards John Park, a member of Sheridan’s Solidarity Party.
McAllister was “almost spitting” during the assault on 48-year-old Park, and had to be held back before being dragged away, according to witnesses.
Sheriff Lindsay Wood fined him &pound;200 at Glasgow Sheriff Court.
Since being suspended, McAllister has now listed his party as ‘independent’ on the council’s website.
McAllister failed to respond to our requests for a comment.
Glasgow City Council’s Labour Group Business Manager, Councillor James Adams, criticised the SNP for waiting until this week to suspend McAllister over the August incident.
He said: “Back in March Councillor McAllister was convicted of acting in a threatening and abusive manner towards a disabled man and the SNP did nothing.
“Five months later he has been charged with a homophobic breach of the peace.
“The SNP knew about this incident before the referendum but chose to keep it quiet and have only now taken the action to suspend
him.”
An SNP spokesman said: “Councillor McAllister has been suspended from the SNP group and as a member of the SNP until such time as due legal process has been completed.”
 