Queen's Park made it six wins out of seven with a comfortable win over East Fife in Scottish League Two.    Fraser 15′ (pen)  McElroy 39′  Miller 81′  
 Queen's Park made it six wins out of seven with a comfortable win over East Fife in Scottish League Two. 
 Shaun Fraser put the hosts ahead from the penalty spot after being fouled by Jonathan Page. 
 Ciaran McElroy doubled their advantage when he found the bottom corner from the edge of the box. 
 And Darren Miller ensured all three points for Queen's Park when he sent a curling free-kick into the net near the end. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Queen's Park 3, East Fife 0. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Queen's Park 3, East Fife 0. 
 Attempt saved. Fraser Mullen (East Fife) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Foul by Tony Quinn (Queen's Park). 
 Kevin Smith (East Fife) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Darren Miller (Queen's Park) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt blocked. Darren Miller (Queen's Park) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Vincent Berry (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ross Brown (East Fife). 
 Attempt missed. Fraser Mullen (East Fife) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high from a direct free kick. 
 Foul by Vincent Berry (Queen's Park). 
 Jon McShane (East Fife) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Queen's Park 3, East Fife 0. Darren Miller (Queen's Park) from a free kick with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner. 
  Booking  Ross Brown (East Fife) is shown the yellow card. 
 Sean Burns (Queen's Park) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Ross Brown (East Fife). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Queen's Park. Tony Quinn replaces Ciaran McElroy. 
 Attempt missed. Fraser Mullen (East Fife) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, East Fife. Conceded by David MacGregor. 
  Booking  Jamie Beaton (East Fife) is shown the yellow card. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Queen's Park. Sean Burns replaces Paul Woods. 
 Vincent Berry (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Kevin Smith (East Fife). 
 Attempt missed. Jonathan Page (East Fife) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, East Fife. Conceded by David MacGregor. 
 Attempt missed. Ross Brown (East Fife) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, East Fife. Conceded by Bryan Wharton. 
 Foul by Shaun Rooney (Queen's Park). 
 Jon McShane (East Fife) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Queen's Park. John Carter replaces Ross McPherson. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Fraser Mullen. 
  Substitution  Substitution, East Fife. Kevin Smith replaces Caolan McAleer. 
  Substitution  Substitution, East Fife. Jamie Beaton replaces Nathan Austin. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Caolan McAleer. 
 Corner, East Fife. Conceded by Shaun Rooney. 
  Booking  Shaun Rooney (Queen's Park) is shown the yellow card. 
 Caolan McAleer (East Fife) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Shaun Rooney (Queen's Park). 
 Attempt saved. Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Vincent Berry (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ross Brown (East Fife). 
 Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Allan Walker (East Fife). 
   Second Half begins Queen's Park 2, East Fife 0. 
  Substitution  Substitution, East Fife. Allan Fleming replaces Jordan Millar because of an injury. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Queen's Park 2, East Fife 0. 
 Foul by Ross McPherson (Queen's Park). 
 Liam Smith (East Fife) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Ciaran McElroy (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ross Brown (East Fife). 
 Corner, East Fife. Conceded by Bryan Wharton. 
  Goal!  Goal! Queen's Park 2, East Fife 0. Ciaran McElroy (Queen's Park) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Paul Woods. 
 Ross McPherson (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jon McShane (East Fife). 
 Corner, East Fife. Conceded by Shaun Rooney. 
  Booking  Allan Walker (East Fife) is shown the yellow card. 
 Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Allan Walker (East Fife). 
  Booking  Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park). 
 Allan Walker (East Fife) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Scott Gibson (Queen's Park) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Ross Campbell (East Fife). 
 Foul by Shaun Rooney (Queen's Park). 
 Jon McShane (East Fife) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Booking  Ross Campbell (East Fife) is shown the yellow card. 
 Scott Gibson (Queen's Park) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Ross Campbell (East Fife). 
 Attempt saved. Caolan McAleer (East Fife) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Goal!  Goal! Queen's Park 1, East Fife 0. Shaun Fraser (Queen's Park) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the top right corner. 
 Penalty Queen's Park. Shaun Fraser draws a foul in the penalty area. 
 Penalty conceded by Steven Campbell (East Fife) after a foul in the penalty area. 
 Vincent Berry (Queen's Park) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Jon McShane (East Fife). 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Jordan Millar. 
 Attempt saved. Ross McPherson (Queen's Park) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt saved. Darren Miller (Queen's Park) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Corner, Queen's Park. Conceded by Liam Smith. 
 Attempt missed. Ciaran McElroy (Queen's Park) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 