Greenock Morton produced a late show to come from behind to beat Scottish League One rivals Dunfermline at East End Park.    El-Bakhtaoui 52′  
  O'Ware 79′  McManus 90′  
 Greenock Morton produced a late show to come from behind to beat Scottish League One rivals Dunfermline at East End Park. 
 Dunfermline broke the deadlock in the second half through El Bakhtaoui's six-yard finish after Morton had failed to clear their lines. 
 Thomas O'Ware's powerful header levelled the match. 
 And Declan McManus' right-footed shot found the bottom corner two minutes into stoppage time settled the match. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Dunfermline Athletic 1, Morton 2. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Dunfermline Athletic 1, Morton 2. 
  Goal!  Goal! Dunfermline Athletic 1, Morton 2. Declan McManus (Morton) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Lee Kilday with a cross. 
 Attempt missed. David McNeil (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt saved. Andrew Geggan (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Booking  Ricki Lamie (Morton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Ross Millen (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Declan McManus (Morton). 
 Lewis Spence (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Declan McManus (Morton). 
 Attempt blocked. Joe McKee (Morton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dunfermline Athletic. Ross Forbes replaces Josh Falkingham. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dunfermline Athletic. Allan Smith replaces Michael Moffat. 
 Corner, Dunfermline Athletic. Conceded by Stefan Milojevic. 
 Lewis Martin (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Andrew Barrowman (Morton). 
  Goal!  Goal! Dunfermline Athletic 1, Morton 1. Thomas O'Ware (Morton) header from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Joe McKee with a cross. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Alex Whittle. 
 Attempt missed. Declan McManus (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Joe McKee (Morton) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. 
 Foul by Fayssal El-Bakhtaoui (Dunfermline Athletic). 
 (Morton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dunfermline Athletic. Ryan Thomson replaces Shaun Byrne. 
 Foul by Andrew Geggan (Dunfermline Athletic). 
 Robbie Crawford (Morton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Ryan Scully. 
 Attempt saved. Declan McManus (Morton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Foul by Gregor Buchanan (Dunfermline Athletic). 
 Declan McManus (Morton) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Morton. David McNeil replaces Mark Russell. 
 Ross Millen (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Declan McManus (Morton). 
 Attempt missed. Andrew Barrowman (Morton) header from very close range is just a bit too high. 
 Michael Moffat (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Sean Crighton (Morton). 
 Attempt missed. Thomas O'Ware (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Ryan Scully. 
 Attempt saved. Sean Crighton (Morton) header from the left side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Andrew Geggan. 
 Foul by Andrew Geggan (Dunfermline Athletic). 
 Thomas O'Ware (Morton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Fayssal El-Bakhtaoui (Dunfermline Athletic). 
 Ricki Lamie (Morton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Declan McManus (Morton) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is close, but misses to the right. 
 Josh Falkingham (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Joe McKee (Morton). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Morton. Robbie Crawford replaces Conor Pepper. 
 Josh Falkingham (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Declan McManus (Morton). 
 Andrew Geggan (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Conor Pepper (Morton). 
  Goal!  Goal! Dunfermline Athletic 1, Morton 0. Fayssal El-Bakhtaoui (Dunfermline Athletic) left footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Andrew Geggan with a cross. 
 Michael Moffat (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Sean Crighton (Morton). 
  Booking  Joe McKee (Morton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Ross Millen (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Joe McKee (Morton). 
 Attempt blocked. Fayssal El-Bakhtaoui (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
   Second Half begins Dunfermline Athletic 0, Morton 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Dunfermline Athletic 0, Morton 0. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Lewis Martin. 
 Attempt saved. Mark Russell (Morton) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Michael Moffat (Dunfermline Athletic). 
 Stefan Milojevic (Morton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Gregor Buchanan. 
 Attempt saved. Andrew Geggan (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Andrew Geggan (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Joe McKee (Morton). 
 Lewis Spence (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Andrew Barrowman (Morton). 
 Foul by Lewis Martin (Dunfermline Athletic). 
 Declan McManus (Morton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Corner, Dunfermline Athletic. Conceded by Lee Kilday. 
 Attempt missed. Josh Falkingham (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Gregor Buchanan (Dunfermline Athletic) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Dunfermline Athletic. Conceded by Sean Crighton. 
 Attempt missed. Declan McManus (Morton) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Gregor Buchanan (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Declan McManus (Morton). 
 Ross Millen (Dunfermline Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Stefan Milojevic (Morton). 
 Foul by Andrew Geggan (Dunfermline Athletic). 
 Conor Pepper (Morton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Stefan Milojevic (Morton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. 
 Corner, Morton. Conceded by Alex Whittle. 
 Ricki Lamie (Morton) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Shaun Byrne (Dunfermline Athletic). 
 Attempt missed. Josh Falkingham (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Andrew Barrowman (Morton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt saved. Michael Moffat (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from very close range is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt missed. Andrew Geggan (Dunfermline Athletic) header from the centre of the box is too high. 
 Corner, Dunfermline Athletic. Conceded by Lee Kilday. 
 Foul by Josh Falkingham (Dunfermline Athletic). 
 Mark Russell (Morton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Josh Falkingham (Dunfermline Athletic) hits the bar with a right footed shot from outside the box. 
 Corner, Dunfermline Athletic. Conceded by Ricki Lamie. 
 Attempt missed. Ross Millen (Dunfermline Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 