Airdrieonians grabbed a late equaliser to earn a draw, denying Albion Rovers their first win in four games.    Fulton 20′  Smith 85′  
  Fraser 57′  Fitzpatrick 87′  
 Airdrieonians grabbed a late equaliser to earn a draw, denying Albion Rovers their first win in four games. 
 Dale Fulton broke the deadlock for the home side with a wonderful strike from outside the box. 
 The visitors levelled after the break through a Scott Fraser free-kick, which sailed into the bottom left corner. 
 Gordon Smith scored from Fulton's floated corner but Airdrie quickly equalised as Marc Fitzpatrick netted from close range. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Stirling Albion 2, Airdrieonians 2. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Stirling Albion 2, Airdrieonians 2. 
 Attempt missed. Philip Johnston (Stirling Albion) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right from a direct free kick. 
  Booking  Steven Doris (Stirling Albion) is shown the yellow card. 
  Booking  Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians) is shown the yellow card. 
 Philip Johnston (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians). 
 Attempt missed. Chris Smith (Stirling Albion) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high following a corner. 
 Corner, Stirling Albion. Conceded by Luca Gasparotto. 
 Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Gordon Smith (Stirling Albion). 
 Foul by Nicky Cadden (Airdrieonians). 
 Dale Fulton (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Chris Smith (Stirling Albion) header from the left side of the box misses to the left following a set piece situation. 
 Foul by Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians). 
 Philip Johnston (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Nicky Cadden (Airdrieonians). 
 Philip Johnston (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
  Goal!  Goal! Stirling Albion 2, Airdrieonians 2. Marc Fitzpatrick (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt saved. Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Lee Hamilton. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by James Creaney. 
  Goal!  Goal! Stirling Albion 2, Airdrieonians 1. Gordon Smith (Stirling Albion) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner. 
 Corner, Stirling Albion. Conceded by Chris O'Neil. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Airdrieonians. Bryan Prunty replaces James Lister. 
 James Lister (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Lee Hamilton (Stirling Albion). 
 Gordon Smith (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Patrick Boyle (Airdrieonians). 
 Attempt saved. Nicky Cadden (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Nicky Cadden (Airdrieonians) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. 
 Keigan Parker (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Craig Wedderburn (Stirling Albion). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Airdrieonians. Nicky Cadden replaces Liam Watt. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by James Creaney. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by James Creaney. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Stirling Albion. Philip Johnston replaces Ross Forsyth. 
 Corner, Stirling Albion. Conceded by Luca Gasparotto. 
 Attempt saved. Lee Hamilton (Stirling Albion) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Marc Fitzpatrick (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Chris Smith. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Chris Smith. 
 Attempt saved. Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Ross Forsyth. 
 Attempt missed. Gordon Smith (Stirling Albion) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Dale Fulton (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Scott Fraser (Airdrieonians). 
  Goal!  Goal! Stirling Albion 1, Airdrieonians 1. Scott Fraser (Airdrieonians) from a free kick with a left footed shot to the bottom left corner. 
  Booking  Ross Forsyth (Stirling Albion) is shown the yellow card. 
 Keigan Parker (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ross Forsyth (Stirling Albion). 
 Graham Weir (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Marc Fitzpatrick (Airdrieonians). 
  Booking  Sandy Cunningham (Stirling Albion) is shown the yellow card. 
  Booking  Marc Fitzpatrick (Airdrieonians) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Sandy Cunningham (Stirling Albion). 
 Marc Fitzpatrick (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by James Lister (Airdrieonians). 
 Craig Wedderburn (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Graham Weir (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Luca Gasparotto (Airdrieonians). 
 Corner, Airdrieonians. Conceded by Dale Fulton. 
 Scott Gray (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Chris Smith (Stirling Albion). 
 Steven Doris (Stirling Albion) hits the bar with a left footed shot from outside the box. 
   Second Half begins Stirling Albion 1, Airdrieonians 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Stirling Albion 1, Airdrieonians 0. 
 Attempt missed. Scott Fraser (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Hand ball by Sandy Cunningham (Stirling Albion). 
 Attempt saved. Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Craig Wedderburn (Stirling Albion). 
 James Lister (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt saved. Marc Fitzpatrick (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Liam Watt (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Steven Doris (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ben Richards-Everton (Airdrieonians). 
 Attempt blocked. James Lister (Airdrieonians) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Stirling Albion. Conceded by Scott Gray. 
 Gordon Smith (Stirling Albion) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Chris O'Neil (Airdrieonians). 
  Booking  Graham Weir (Stirling Albion) is shown the yellow card. 
 Scott Fraser (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Graham Weir (Stirling Albion). 
  Goal!  Goal! Stirling Albion 1, Airdrieonians 0. Dale Fulton (Stirling Albion) right footed shot from outside the box to the top left corner. 
 Attempt missed. Scott Fraser (Airdrieonians) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Foul by James Creaney (Stirling Albion). 
 Scott Fraser (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Stirling Albion. Conceded by Luca Gasparotto. 
 Scott Fraser (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Gordon Smith (Stirling Albion). 
 Attempt missed. Gordon Smith (Stirling Albion) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. 
 Scott Fraser (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Graham Weir (Stirling Albion). 
 Foul by Graham Weir (Stirling Albion). 
 James Lister (Airdrieonians) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 