Head coach Gregor Townsend hailed the defensive qualities of his Glasgow Warriors side in the 15-13 win over Montpellier in France. Glasgow Warriors: Townsend thrilled by win over Montpellier  Head coach Gregor Townsend hailed the defensive qualities of his Glasgow Warriors side in the 15-13 win over Montpellier in France. 
 Five Finn Russell penalties proved enough to keep the Warriors top of European Rugby Champions Cup Pool Four. 
 &quot;We understood what this game meant,&quot; said Townsend. 
 &quot;This was our first away game, Montpellier picked up a bonus point last week, Toulouse won and could have been clear at the top of this group.&quot; 
 Glasgow lead the pool on nine points while Toulouse, victors over Bath on Saturday, have eight. Montpellier have two points, Bath are bottom on one. 
 Townsend's men take on Toulouse twice in December and will hope to replicate their success over Montpellier. 
 &quot;We produced a huge defensive effort, and kept knocking Montpellier back, especially in our part of the field,&quot; explained Townsend. 
 &quot;This was Finn Russell's first European start. He had a very mature performance, it was only his second start of the season, coming back from injury. 
 &quot;He had learned a lot from his last game, some of his kicking and decision-making was excellent, his composure for the goal-kicking was superb. 
 &quot;I sort of had an insight to the French psyche this week and what we could expect on how Montpellier would try to assert their dominance, a lot of driving mauls, pressure in the scrum. 
 &quot;We made good decisions when we had possession in the first half, and it gave us a little lead. It kept the pressure on Montpellier to do something, and they have the players to do so. But we defended really well.&quot; 
 The Warriors lost Tommy Seymour to injury in the first half with the winger stretchered off in a neck brace after coming into collision with with Sitaleki Timani. 
 The 26-year-old had been called up to the Scotland squad for the autumn Test series but may now be ruled out of the matches against Argentina, New Zealand and Tonga. 
 