John Gemmell's late strike gave Albion Rovers a win over Berwick Rangers in Scottish League Two.    Young 47′  Gemmell 77′  
  Lavery 71′  
 John Gemmell's late strike gave Albion Rovers a win over Berwick Rangers in Scottish League Two. 
 The second half improved upon a poor opening period with the hosts quickly taking the lead through Darren Young's shot from Mark McGuigan's assist. 
 Berwick equalised when Darren Lavery connected with a Paul Willis cross to head home. 
 However, Gemmell met Kyle Turnbull's free-kick to convert the winner from six yards. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Albion Rovers 2, Berwick Rangers 1. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Albion Rovers 2, Berwick Rangers 1. 
 Ross Dunlop (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Ross Gray (Berwick Rangers). 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by Darren Young. 
 Foul by Gary Phillips (Albion Rovers). 
 Jonathon Fairbairn (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Booking  Gary Phillips (Albion Rovers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Attempt saved. Ross Gray (Berwick Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Berwick Rangers. David Gold replaces Devon Jacobs. 
 (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jonathon Fairbairn (Berwick Rangers). 
 Attempt missed. Lee Currie (Berwick Rangers) left footed shot from more than 35 yards misses to the left. 
 Foul by Michael Dunlop (Albion Rovers). 
 Paul Willis (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by John Gemmell (Albion Rovers). 
 Stephen Tulloch (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Booking  Jonathon Fairbairn (Berwick Rangers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jonathon Fairbairn (Berwick Rangers). 
  Booking  Kerr Young (Berwick Rangers) is shown the yellow card. 
  Goal!  Goal! Albion Rovers 2, Berwick Rangers 1. John Gemmell (Albion Rovers) from a free kick with a right footed shot to the centre of the goal. 
 Josh Mullin (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Darren Lavery (Berwick Rangers). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Berwick Rangers. Paul Currie replaces Colin Cameron. 
  Goal!  Goal! Albion Rovers 1, Berwick Rangers 1. Darren Lavery (Berwick Rangers) header from very close range to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Paul Willis. 
 Attempt saved. Darren Lavery (Berwick Rangers) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Albion Rovers. Josh Mullin replaces Scott Chaplain. 
  Booking  Devon Jacobs (Berwick Rangers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Alan Reid (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Devon Jacobs (Berwick Rangers). 
 Gary Phillips (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kerr Young (Berwick Rangers). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Berwick Rangers. Craig Dargo replaces Dean Horribine. 
 Attempt missed. Ross Gray (Berwick Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Foul by Darren Young (Albion Rovers). 
 Colin Cameron (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by John Gemmell (Albion Rovers). 
 Kerr Young (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by Kyle Turnbull. 
 Foul by Alan Reid (Albion Rovers). 
 Lee Currie (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Stephen Tulloch. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Stephen Tulloch. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by William Bald. 
 Attempt saved. John Gemmell (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. 
 Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kerr Young (Berwick Rangers). 
  Goal!  Goal! Albion Rovers 1, Berwick Rangers 0. Darren Young (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Mark McGuigan. 
   Second Half begins Albion Rovers 0, Berwick Rangers 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Albion Rovers 0, Berwick Rangers 0. 
 Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kerr Young (Berwick Rangers). 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Colin Cameron. 
 Foul by Darren Young (Albion Rovers). 
 Lee Currie (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Scott Chaplain (Albion Rovers) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Lee Currie. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by William Bald. 
 Attempt saved. John Gemmell (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top right corner. 
 Kyle Turnbull (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Ross Gray (Berwick Rangers). 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by Ross Dunlop. 
 Attempt missed. Darren Lavery (Berwick Rangers) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Berwick Rangers. Conceded by Kyle Turnbull. 
 Attempt missed. Lee Currie (Berwick Rangers) right footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Foul by John Gemmell (Albion Rovers). 
 Stephen Tulloch (Berwick Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by William Bald. 
 Attempt saved. Scott Chaplain (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Devon Jacobs (Berwick Rangers). 
 Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Kerr Young (Berwick Rangers). 
 John Gemmell (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt saved. Lee Currie (Berwick Rangers) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 