Alan Archibald was left lamenting the absence of creative players through injury after his Partick Thistle side's 0-0 draw at home to St Johnstone. Partick Thistle: Alan Archibald laments missing creativity  Alan Archibald was left lamenting the absence of creative players through injury after his Partick Thistle side's 0-0 draw at home to St Johnstone. 
 And Kallum Higginbotham, Gary Fraser and Sean Welsh will still be on the sidelines for Wednesday's League Cup trip to face Celtic. 
 &quot;We are missing Kallum and Gary Fraser, who has a killer pass, and Sean Welsh,&quot; said Archibald. 
 &quot;Guys like that will come back in and give us more options.&quot; 
 The draw with Saints followed last week's 1-0 defeat by Dundee United, both games in which Thistle players saw plenty of the ball. 
 &quot;I thought it was a bit flat from us today, but it's a good point and a good clean-sheet,&quot; said Archibald. &quot;It had 0-0 written all over it at times. 
&quot;We are delighted with a clean sheet first and foremost, but a lot of our stuff was in front of St Johnstone, which was disappointing from our aspect being the home team.&quot;
 &quot;I don't know if the conditions made it not great game to watch, but I just thought we could have done more in the final third. 
 &quot;We still had plenty of possession - we just missed that wee cutting edge, but credit to St Johnstone - they are a hard team to play against and are a good defensive unit. 
 &quot;We are delighted with a clean sheet first and foremost, but a lot of our stuff was in front of St Johnstone, which was disappointing from our aspect being the home team.&quot; 
 However, Archbald remained positive about his players' efforts and singled out keeper Scott Fox, who denied Lee Croft a goal with a save after the St Johnstone winger sped through on the best chance of the game. 
 &quot;The lads worked ever so hard,&quot; he said. 
 &quot;I don't think we moved the ball quick enough. There was a zip on the surface to do it and penetrate a bit more. 
 &quot;At times we got it down, but we didn't do it quick enough and sharp enough and we can do better than that. 
 &quot;He is coming back into form, Scott, and I think he had one of them last week and he had one against Motherwell as well. 
 &quot;He is good at one-on-ones and I'm delighted he's back on form.&quot; 
 