An amber weather warning has been issued for the west Highlands and the Western Isles for Sunday and Monday. Weather warning over heavy rain An amber weather warning has been issued for the west Highlands and the Western Isles for Sunday and Monday.
The Met Office &quot;be prepared&quot; alert warns of &quot;prolonged and heavy rainfall&quot; at times between 06:00 on Sunday until midnight on Monday.
The rain is likely to be heaviest across Lochaber and through the Great Glen. 
Transport Scotland warned of disruption on the roads and to ferry services.
Rainfall totals in excess of 100mm are likely, with 200mm or more possible locally in the mountains. 
A yellow &quot;be aware&quot; warning was also issued for Strathclyde and other areas across west-central Scotland.
The Scottish Environment Protection Agency (Sepa) has seven flood alerts and one flood warning in place.
A landslip has closed the A82 at Corrychurrachan, south of Fort William, police in the Highlands said.
The Skye and Dornoch bridges were closed to high-sided vehicles due to the high winds.
A number of Calmac ferry services were cancelled or disrupted on Saturday and more problems were expected on Sunday and Monday.
Calmac advised passengers to check its website before travelling.
A Transport Scotland spokesman said: &quot;The Met Office has issued an amber alert warning of heavy rain which runs from early Sunday morning through until around midnight on Monday. 
&quot;This may lead to disruption on local roads and to ferry services. 
&quot;With the conditions we can also expect to see flooding in areas and road users should be prepared before they set off on their journeys.&quot;
He added: &quot;While we will do everything we can to mitigate the impacts, people travelling should be prepared and plan their journeys accordingly.
&quot;A great deal of work has been undertaken to make sure that Scotland is prepared for any likely transport disruption, and we will continue to monitor events through our national control centre.
&quot;Before heading out, we ask the public consider the conditions and listen to radio reports, visit the Traffic Scotland website or twitter feed, and consult their local travel operators.&quot;
 