The pressure will all be on Rangers on Tuesday against St Johnstone suggested the Perth side's manager after they ended a run of league defeats. St Johnstone: Wright deflects up pressure on to Rangers  The pressure will all be on Rangers on Tuesday against St Johnstone suggested the Perth side's manager after they ended a run of league defeats. 
 St Johnstone avoided a sixth straight reverse in the Scottish Premiership after a 0-0 draw with Partick Thistle. 
 &quot;We've got to take the positives out of the game and look forward to Tuesday night,&quot; said Tommy Wright. 
 &quot;And I do believe the pressure is all on Rangers and we'll go there and hopefully put on another performance.&quot; 
 Rangers sit second of the Scottish Championship after their 3-0 win away to Dumbarton, while Saints remain ninth in the top flight ahead of their League Cup meeting in Glasgow. 
 &quot;Away from home, we are probably doing that we bit better this season where last season it was until after Christmas or January our away record was really poor,&quot; said Wright. 
&quot;The players know that, at both ends of the pitch, we have been below par and that's why we've been on the run we've been on.&quot;
 &quot;So it is maybe a good thing that the game is at Ibrox. 
 &quot;We're always optimistic after defeats that we can go on and win because the next game is always the most important one and we always focus on that.&quot; 
 Wright insisted he could take more from the match against Thistle than a shared point. 
 &quot;It is a good point particularly in the run that we've been in,&quot; he said. 
 &quot;The conditions were difficult, there was a lot of wind. It didn't help the game. 
 &quot;But, overall, we were pleased with it and we had more clear-cut opportunities in the second half and we could have sneaked all three points. 
 &quot;Where we are at the minute, I'm really pleased with the performance, pleased to get a clean sheet.&quot; 
 Wright also believed his side had created the better of the chances during the match at Firhill. 
 &quot;We had a very good opportunity with Lee Croft in the first half and a couple of opportunities in the second half where maybe a better ball and Murray Davidson gets a good save from Scott Fox late on, so we perhaps could have sneaked the win,&quot; said Wright. 
 &quot;The players know that, at both ends of the pitch, we have been below par and that's why we've been on the run we've been on,&quot; he said. 
 &quot;We just have to start working on creating opportunities and making more of the opportunities we have. 
 &quot;I don't think there's been a lack of confidence. People might think that, but I've been working with them every day and they are still as bubbly as they were last season. 
 &quot;We are just on a run when everything that could go wrong has gone wrong. 
 &quot;What I know is that there is a good squad there and they will get better.&quot; 
 