Ayr United's miserable home run continued as they went down to Brechin City in Scottish League One.    Thomson 8′  McAusland 26′  
 Ayr United's miserable home run continued as they went down to Brechin City in Scottish League One. 
 The visitors took an early lead when Rob Thomson fired home into the bottom right corner from inside the box. 
 Kyle McAusland doubled the lead when he found the top corner after being slid through by Andrew Jackson. 
 The home side improved after the break but missed a number of chances through Kevin McKinlay and Scott McLaughlin as Brechin held on. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Ayr United 0, Brechin City 2. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Ayr United 0, Brechin City 2. 
 Attempt missed. Craig Beattie (Ayr United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is too high. 
 Dale Shirkie (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Gerry McLauchlan (Brechin City). 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by David Hutton. 
 Foul by Martyn Campbell (Ayr United). 
 Jamie Masson (Brechin City) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Attempt saved. Scott McLaughlin (Ayr United) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Brechin City. Ryan Ferguson replaces Bobby Barr because of an injury. 
 Alan Forrest (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Gary Fusco (Brechin City). 
 Scott McLaughlin (Ayr United) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Kyle McAusland (Brechin City). 
 Jamie Masson (Brechin City) hits the right post with a right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box. 
 Jon Paul McGovern (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Colin Hamilton (Brechin City). 
 Attempt missed. Bobby Barr (Brechin City) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Dale Shirkie (Ayr United) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
  Booking  Bobby Barr (Brechin City) is shown the yellow card. 
 Attempt saved. Scott McLaughlin (Ayr United) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Ayr United. Andrew Muir replaces Kevin McKinlay. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Kevin McKinlay. 
  Booking  Brian Gilmour (Ayr United) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Brian Gilmour (Ayr United). 
 Bobby Barr (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Colin Hamilton. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Kevin McKinlay. 
 Attempt blocked. Gary Fusco (Brechin City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Foul by Dale Shirkie (Ayr United). 
 Ewan McNeil (Brechin City) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Martyn Campbell. 
 Attempt missed. Kevin McKinlay (Ayr United) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Kyle McAusland. 
 Foul by Dale Shirkie (Ayr United). 
 Kyle McAusland (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Peter Murphy (Ayr United) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Dale Shirkie (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kyle McAusland (Brechin City). 
 Attempt missed. Brian Gilmour (Ayr United) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Ayr United. Brian Gilmour replaces Michael Donald because of an injury. 
 Darren McCormack (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Martyn Campbell (Ayr United). 
 Foul by Colin Hamilton (Brechin City). 
 Craig Beattie (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Gerry McLauchlan (Brechin City). 
 Dale Shirkie (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Gerry McLauchlan. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Ayr United. Dale Shirkie replaces Ryan Donnelly. 
 Andy Jackson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kevin McKinlay (Ayr United). 
   Second Half begins Ayr United 0, Brechin City 2. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Ayr United 0, Brechin City 2. 
 Attempt missed. Colin Hamilton (Brechin City) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Kevin McKinlay. 
 Attempt blocked. Jamie Masson (Brechin City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Nicky Devlin. 
  Booking  Peter Murphy (Ayr United) is shown the yellow card. 
 Andy Jackson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Peter Murphy (Ayr United). 
 Foul by Craig Beattie (Ayr United). 
 Gerry McLauchlan (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. Jamie Masson (Brechin City) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right from a direct free kick. 
  Booking  Martyn Campbell (Ayr United) is shown the yellow card. 
 Andy Jackson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Martyn Campbell (Ayr United). 
 Foul by Craig Beattie (Ayr United). 
 Andy Jackson (Brechin City) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Corner, Ayr United. Conceded by Colin Hamilton. 
 Andy Jackson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Peter Murphy (Ayr United). 
  Booking  Robert Thomson (Brechin City) is shown the yellow card. 
 Corner, Brechin City. Conceded by Nicky Devlin. 
  Goal!  Goal! Ayr United 0, Brechin City 2. Kyle McAusland (Brechin City) right footed shot from the left side of the box to the top right corner. Assisted by Andy Jackson. 
 Hand ball by Craig Beattie (Ayr United). 
 Jamie Masson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Nicky Devlin (Ayr United). 
 Attempt blocked. Michael Donald (Ayr United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. 
 Foul by Robert Thomson (Brechin City). 
 Peter Murphy (Ayr United) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Robert Thomson (Brechin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Martyn Campbell (Ayr United). 
 Craig Beattie (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Gerry McLauchlan (Brechin City). 
 Attempt saved. Robert Thomson (Brechin City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Nicky Devlin (Ayr United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jamie Masson (Brechin City). 
  Goal!  Goal! Ayr United 0, Brechin City 1. Robert Thomson (Brechin City) right footed shot from the right side of the box to the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt blocked. Bobby Barr (Brechin City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Attempt missed. Bobby Barr (Brechin City) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the left. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 