Rangers backed up crucial news off the field with an important win on it against Dumbarton.    Miller 26′  Wallace 61′  Boyd 72′  
 Rangers backed up crucial news off the field with an important win on it against Dumbarton. 
 Hours after a deal was agreed to keep Rangers solvent, Lee McCulloch's angst at seeing his penalty saved was eased by Kenny Miller putting Rangers ahead. 
 But for a misplaced Mark Gilhaney cut-back to Colin Nish, Dumbarton could have earlier been ahead. 
 Lee Wallace's low, swept finish and Kris Boyd's header wrapped up the victory in the second half. 
 A fourth win in a row for Ally McCoist's men reduces the gap on Scottish Championship leaders Hearts to six points, for 24 hours at least. 
 Rangers will hope Hibernian can take points from Sunday's Edinburgh derby. 
 But even if they do not, many associated with the Ibrox side will just be glad the &pound;2m loan from Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has ensured possible administration is avoided. 
 Dumbarton, managed by former Rangers player Ian Murray, go four games without a win, but should have taken the lead in an encounter played largely in wind and rain. 
 Gilhaney robbed McCulloch of possession on the byline and looked to tee up Nish, but the pass was played behind the tall striker and the chance was gone. 
 Rangers went right up the other end and got a penalty. 
 Referee Andrew Dallas believed Dumbarton right-back David van Zanten had bundled Wallace over, much to the anger of the home fans, who felt it was soft. 
 However, on-loan Aberdeen goalkeeper Danny Rogers dived low to his left to deny McCulloch a sixth goal of the season. 
 The delight of the Dumbarton supporters did not last long, though, when Miller grabbed his third of the campaign two minutes later. 
 He hit Stevie Smith's low cross high into the net from a couple of yards out. 
 One further Nish header aside, Dumbarton failed to trouble Steve Simonsen in the Rangers goalmouth, leaving Wallace and Boyd to make the points safe. 
 Wallace's 12-yard finish was impressive after a run from deep and exchange of passes with Miller, while Boyd showed good technique to rise and head in another precise Smith delivery. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Dumbarton 0, Rangers 3. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Dumbarton 0, Rangers 3. 
 Attempt missed. Lee McCulloch (Rangers) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Andy Graham. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Lee Mair. 
 Attempt saved. Lee McCulloch (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Andy Graham (Dumbarton). 
 Lewis Macleod (Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Rangers. Nicky Clark replaces Kenny Miller. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Danny Rogers. 
 Attempt saved. Lewis Macleod (Rangers) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Rangers. Jon Daly replaces Kris Boyd. 
 Foul by Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton). 
 Richard Foster (Rangers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Chris Turner replaces Mitchel Megginson because of an injury. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Rangers. David Templeton replaces Steven Smith. 
 Attempt missed. Nicky Law (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
  Goal!  Goal! Dumbarton 0, Rangers 3. Kris Boyd (Rangers) header from the centre of the box to the top right corner. Assisted by Steven Smith with a cross. 
 Mitchel Megginson (Dumbarton) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Lee Wallace (Rangers). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Archie Campbell replaces David van Zanten. 
  Goal!  Goal! Dumbarton 0, Rangers 2. Lee Wallace (Rangers) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Kenny Miller. 
 Colin Nish (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Lee McCulloch (Rangers). 
 Attempt missed. Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Mitchel Megginson (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt saved. Kenny Miller (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Richard Foster. 
 Hand ball by Garry Fleming (Dumbarton). 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Lee Wallace. 
 Attempt saved. Kris Boyd (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Foul by Colin Nish (Dumbarton). 
 Lee McCulloch (Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Scott Linton. 
   Second Half begins Dumbarton 0, Rangers 1. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Dumbarton 0, Rangers 1. 
 Attempt missed. Nicky Law (Rangers) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Corner, Rangers. Conceded by Lee Mair. 
  Booking  David van Zanten (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by David van Zanten (Dumbarton). 
 Steven Smith (Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Booking  Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Garry Fleming (Dumbarton). 
 Nicky Law (Rangers) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Attempt missed. Kris Boyd (Rangers) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Colin Nish (Dumbarton) header from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. 
 Attempt saved. Mark Gilhaney (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Dumbarton. Kieran MacDonald replaces Jordan Kirkpatrick because of an injury. 
 Foul by Richard Foster (Rangers). 
 Jordan Kirkpatrick (Dumbarton) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Dumbarton 0, Rangers 1. Kenny Miller (Rangers) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Steven Smith with a cross. 
 Penalty saved! Lee McCulloch (Rangers) fails to capitalise on this great opportunity, right footed shot saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Penalty conceded by David van Zanten (Dumbarton) after a foul in the penalty area. 
 Penalty Rangers. Lee Wallace draws a foul in the penalty area. 
 Foul by David van Zanten (Dumbarton). 
 Steven Smith (Rangers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Dumbarton. Conceded by Darren McGregor. 
 Attempt missed. Garry Fleming (Dumbarton) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Attempt missed. Nicky Law (Rangers) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Lee Wallace (Rangers) left footed shot from the left side of the box is just a bit too high. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 