TENS of thousands of pieces of furniture used by athletes at the Commonwealth Games are being distributed to vulnerable tenants to help them furnish their homes Commonwealth Games furniture given to vulnerable Sponsored by
TENS of thousands of pieces of furniture used by athletes at the Commonwealth Games are being distributed to vulnerable tenants to help them furnish their homes.

Glasgow Housing Association (GHA) has moved more than 60,000 items of furniture from the Glasgow 2014 Athletes’ Village in Dalmarnock.
They will be made available to social housing tenants, community groups and charities in and around Glasgow.
One of the first to benefit was GHA tenant Barry Haetzman from Shettleston, who received beds, wardrobes, bedside cabinets and sofas which allowed him to furnish his spare room for his children to stay at weekends.
He said: “The furniture has really helped me, especially for when the kids come to visit. I’m happy if the kids are happy.
“It would have been very hard to furnish the flat without this help. You have to budget for electricity, gas and food. It all adds up. There are people out there who don’t have anything at all. It will really help them out.”
The Athletes’ Village housed 6,500 athletes and officials during the Commonwealth Games in July and early August.
Tenants of Cube and Loretto Housing Association, which like GHA are part of Wheatley Group, will also receive furniture.

Legacy 

In addition, more than 13,500 items have been distributed or requested by 35 registered social landlords in and around Glasgow, while nurseries, schools and charities such as YPeople, YMCA and One Parent Families Scotland will also benefit.
Glasgow City Council leader Gordon Matheson said: “This is another fantastic example of the social legacy that the Games have brought to Glasgow, with many people and organisations across and near the city benefiting.

• Video: First glimpse of Athletes Village

“I wish to congratulate all those involved in this inspired project, and I am sure that all those who receive these items from the Athletes’ Village will make good use of them.”
The furniture was donated to GHA by the Glasgow 2014 Organising Committee and RGS - the official furniture provider for the Games.
Social housing tenants must apply through their housing officer to access the free furniture.
GHA chair Gordon Sloan said: “This scheme will make a big difference to vulnerable tenants, families and also to wider community projects in the city so thousands of people can benefit from the legacy of the Commonwealth Games.”




 