CAMBRIDGE five-piece Mallory Knox are headed for mainstream stardom with the release of their new alt-rock album, Asymetry, which is heavily inspired by the band-member's personal break-ups. Rockers Mallory Knox on the pride and pain of their new 'break-up' inspired album - Daily Record ROCKERS Mallory Knox tomorrow release an album inspired by break-ups and packed with alt-rock anthems that is set to rocket them to mainstream stardom.
Lead guitarist Joe Savins, drummer Dave Rawling, vocalist Mikey Chapman, bassist Sam Douglas and rhythm guitarist James Gillett had previously been in different local bands before coming together as Mallory Knox, named after the character played by Juliette Lewis in cult movie smash Natural Born Killers.
Formed in 2009, the Cambridge five-piece released their debut album Signals last year, breaking into the Top 40 from almost nowhere.
Now the band are back with their second album, Asymmetry, out tomorrow and Mikey says there are songs on the release that are so personal they are painful to perform.
“The album is just around the corner and we are feeling really good about it,” said Mikey.
“We have a great team behind us and everybody is working at full tilt. We are absolutely over the moon and can’t wait for it to come out now.
 

“What we hope from this album and what we hoped for the last album – and albums to come – is simply that people enjoy it.
“It’s still Mallory but the content lyrically and what the music is about has changed ever so slightly.
“Our experiences and adventures together has changed us, changed our perspective on things and our relationships with people, both good and bad and there’s a lot of content about that on this album. They all, to a degree, have some kind of personal connection.
“Certain songs are direct references from times we needed to write about in order to vent emotions and frustrations we felt at the time. They have more of a personal impact.
“The ones I can think of are Heart And Desire and the last song, Dare You, which Dave and I wrote respectively.
“I wrote Dare You about two hours after having the most painful break-up of my life.
“It is probably one of the most honest things I have written for this album.”
He added: “It was only a couple of plates and glasses broken above my head as I was writing the lyrics but I had to get them down.
“It’s a blessing and a curse to write something like that. It becomes very honest, very raw and you can obviously express what that song meant to you much more passionately.
“Every time I sing that song I remember that time. It’s bittersweet.
“It was enough to drive me to commit that moment to song but I suppose the traumatic experience is a raw thing to have to sing.
“Sometimes, it’s an inevitability within relationships. It was at a time when I really didn’t want it to happen.
“But it had to happen for us to move forward as people and to continue with a little bit of sanity and a little bit of dignity.
“There is a fine line between having a fall-out and it simply not working and ending a relationship with someone you thought you’d be with forever.
“There’s a big difference. I wouldn’t write about any old break-up. It would really have to stand out to be committed to song.”
Building on their nomination as Best British Newcomer in the Kerrang! Awards 2013, the new album was recorded at Moles in Bath and Monnow Valley in Wales with Gil Norton, who has worked with the likes of Pixies, Foo Fighters and Twin Atlantic.
“Gil was incredible,” Mikey said. “How is it possible that a band that we started in one of our bedrooms is now being masterminded and recorded by someone as impressive as Gil?
“Working with the people he has, it is a big honour as well as being absolutely mental. Of course, that made us nervous about that sort of thing.
 

“With the people he has worked with and the resources he has had with other bands and the professionalism of the other artists that he has worked with, you hope you can at least resemble that or emulate that and be as professional as he is used to working with.
“But that dissipated quite quickly. He made us feel so comfortable.
“He almost became the sixth member of the band for a time. It really was an absolute pleasure to work with the man.”
After being premiered on Zane Lowe on Radio 1, which saw the band trend on Twitter, first single Ghost In The Mirror climbed straight on to the A List at Radio 1.
Mallory Knox will embark on their biggest tour yet in support of Asymmetry, playing Glasgow Garage on November 10 and Mikey expects fans of Sirens to embrace the new material.
He said: “A lot of bands have to deal with trying to convince people that they are worth listening to and worth people’s time. There are a lot of bands out there and a lot of music and people want to commit their ears to something worthwhile.
“With the successes we had off the back of the last album and the support, it put Mallory into people’s minds as something a bit more serious.
“We weren’t a garage band or a local band anymore.
“Being taken seriously changed the way people interacted with the band and it was reward for all our hard work at that point.
“It’s a very honest album. I’ve always tended to hide emotions and write around a character. It’s a new thing for me but Sam is very open and very good at writing down his frustrations and his experiences in song.
“It makes your bond with that song a little bit stronger. We are the same band, we play the same guitars and the same amps. I still wear the same socks that I did when we made Signals.”
Mikey added: “This album sees us really develop as musicians and, as a band, the songs that we want to listen to right now.
“We just want to keep on climbing. I fear for the day when we just sit back on our laurels and say, ‘I’m OK with where we are now’.
“We’ve got to keep developing, keep learning and become better musicians on every level.
“Don’t shoot for the stars and settle for halfway.
“The heavier stuff is more credibly heavy and the poppier stuff is more genuinely poppy. It’s an eclectic mix of everything we love musically.”
 