Kevin Watt scored twice as Clyde recorded a first home league win of the season with success over Elgin City.    Watt 29′, 60′  
  Nicolson 66′  
 Kevin Watt scored twice as Clyde recorded a first home league win of the season with success over Elgin City. 
 Watt opened just before the half-hour when he finished from six yards after being put through by Scott Durie. 
 The forward then took advantage of a mix-up in the Elgin defence to slot home from close range. 
 Mark Nicolson got a goal back, scoring from a rebound, and in a tense finale he missed two further chances to grab a point. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Clyde 2, Elgin City 1. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Clyde 2, Elgin City 1. 
 David Gray (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Graeme Beveridge (Elgin City). 
 Scott Ferguson (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Dennis Wyness (Elgin City). 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Graeme Beveridge. 
 Ryan Frances (Clyde) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Brian Cameron (Elgin City). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Elgin City. Graham Bayne replaces Mark Nicolson. 
 Stephen O'Donnell (Clyde) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Dennis Wyness (Elgin City). 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Mark Nicolson. 
 Foul by Stephen O'Donnell (Clyde). 
 Mark Nicolson (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Mark Nicolson (Elgin City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Ryan Frances. 
 Foul by Euan Smith (Clyde). 
 Mark Nicolson (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Archie MacPhee. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Matthew Cooper. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. Craig McLeish replaces Kevin Watt. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Matthew Cooper. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Euan Smith. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Brian McQueen. 
 Attempt saved. Mark Nicolson (Elgin City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 2, Elgin City 1. Mark Nicolson (Elgin City) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt saved. Shane Sutherland (Elgin City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Stephen O'Donnell (Clyde). 
 Dennis Wyness (Elgin City) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Elgin City. Dennis Wyness replaces Daniel Moore. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Elgin City. Graeme Beveridge replaces Darryl McHardy. 
 Hand ball by Kevin Watt (Clyde). 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 2, Elgin City 0. Kevin Watt (Clyde) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom right corner. 
 David Gray (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Mark Nicolson (Elgin City). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Clyde. Scott Ferguson replaces David Sinclair. 
  Booking  Ryan Frances (Clyde) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Ryan Frances (Clyde). 
 Shane Sutherland (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. David Gray (Clyde) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
   Second Half begins Clyde 1, Elgin City 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Clyde 1, Elgin City 0. 
 Foul by Scott Durie (Clyde). 
 Craig Gunn (Elgin City) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Attempt saved. Shane Sutherland (Elgin City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Aidan Mcilduff. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Matthew Cooper. 
 Hand ball by Shane Sutherland (Elgin City). 
 Ryan Frances (Clyde) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Shane Sutherland (Elgin City). 
  Booking  Mark Nicolson (Elgin City) is shown the yellow card. 
 Euan Smith (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Mark Nicolson (Elgin City). 
  Goal!  Goal! Clyde 1, Elgin City 0. Kevin Watt (Clyde) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Scott Durie. 
 Attempt missed. Aidan Mcilduff (Clyde) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt saved. Ryan Frances (Clyde) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Shane Sutherland. 
 Kevin Watt (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Matthew Cooper (Elgin City). 
 Foul by David Gray (Clyde). 
 Archie MacPhee (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Scott Durie (Clyde). 
 Daniel Moore (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Scott McManus (Clyde) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses the top right corner. 
 Foul by Stephen O'Donnell (Clyde). 
 Archie MacPhee (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Darryl McHardy. 
 Foul by Kevin Watt (Clyde). 
 Gordon Finlayson (Elgin City) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by David Sinclair (Clyde). 
 Mark Nicolson (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Brian McQueen. 
 Kevin Watt (Clyde) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Marvin Andrews (Elgin City). 
 Attempt missed. David Gray (Clyde) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner. 
 Corner, Clyde. Conceded by Marvin Andrews. 
 Attempt saved. Euan Smith (Clyde) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Euan Smith (Clyde) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Archie MacPhee (Elgin City). 
 Attempt saved. Kevin Watt (Clyde) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 