A £5,000 reward is being offered for information about an ex-prisoner who has been missing since breaching his release conditions £5,000 reward for info on ex-prisoner from Glasgow Sponsored by
A &pound;5,000 reward is being offered for information about an ex-prisoner who has been missing since breaching his release conditions.


Police have been trying to trace 33-year-old Johnathan Kelly since he disappeared in September.
They believe he is getting help from other people “to evade justice” and said there have been no confirmed sightings of him since he vanished.

• Keep up to date with all aspects of Scottish life with The Scotsman iPhone app, completely free to download and use

Kelly, of Carolside Drive, Drumchapel, Glasgow, had his licence revoked after failing to comply with imposed conditions following his release from Lowmoss Prison on August 21.
Charity Crimestoppers is now offering a reward of up to &pound;5,000 for information leading to the location and arrest of Kelly.
Last month, armed officers responded to a reported sighting of Kelly and sealed off part of Boyd Street in Glasgow’s Crosshill area as they searched the area, but he was not found.
Detectives said he is not thought to be a threat to the public but they have warned people not to approach him.
Kelly is described as white, 5ft 9in, with a heavy build and short brown hair.
Earlier this month, police renewed appeals for information on his location and said a ‘’significant amount of work’’ has gone into trying to trace Kelly but there have been no confirmed sightings.
Dave Hunter, regional manager for Crimestoppers, said: “Although Johnathan Kelly is not thought to be a danger to the public, he is considered to pose a risk and it is vital that he is found.
“There must be people out there who know his whereabouts and we urge them to contact us through our anonymous phone line 0800 555 111 or our anonymous online form.
“Crimestoppers does not take any personal details from callers or those who give information through our website. We don’t want to know who you are, only what you know.”

 