Police attempting to trace a missing ex-prisoner who is unlawfully at large have issued a fresh appeal for help. New appeal over missing ex-prisoner Johnathan Kelly Police attempting to trace a missing ex-prisoner who is unlawfully at large have issued a fresh appeal for help.
Johnathan Kelly, 33, from Drumchapel, Glasgow, was freed from Low Moss Prison in August. His licence was revoked when he failed to comply with conditions.
Last month, armed officers responded to a reported sighting and sealed off Boyd Street in Glasgow. Kelly was not found. 
Detectives said he is not thought to be a threat to the public but they have warned people not to approach him.
Kelly is described as white, 5ft 9in tall, with short brown hair. He is of a heavy build.
Det Supt Stevie Grant, of Police Scotland, said: &quot;Over the past four weeks, a significant amount of work has been ongoing in an effort to trace Mr Kelly.&quot; 
He said a &quot;dedicated team&quot; was working on the inquiry, &quot;assisted by specialist colleagues&quot;, and they were &quot;liaising very closely with our main partner agencies across Scotland&quot;.
&quot;From our inquiries, our assessment is that Mr Kelly is receiving assistance from individuals in order to evade justice,&quot; he said.
&quot;To those individuals, we would encourage you to contact police. Please consider the additional pressure harbouring Mr Kelly will place on you and your family as time goes on, and you will come to the attention of the police.&quot;
Det Supt Grant there had been &quot;no confirmed sightings&quot; of Kelly but he was not considered a danger to the general public. 
He added: &quot;I would discourage the general public from approaching him or engaging with him as he prefers to spend time on his own. Any sightings of him should be reported to police.&quot;
Addressing the missing man directly, he said: &quot;To Mr Kelly, I would like to say, please get in touch with us. 
&quot;You may feel that you have been portrayed incorrectly recently, however, you have this opportunity to set the record straight.&quot;
 