Summer of 2014 will never be forgotten by those who lived through it How Rutherglen played its part in a historic summer - Daily Record The summer of 2014 had long been earmarked as an historic one for Scotland - even before the date of the independence referendum was announced in October 2012.
Back then it felt so long away, yet as the months passed by, a nervous excitement started to engulf the country.
It wasn’t just the vote on whether Scotland should leave the UK that was working people into a frenzy. The Commonwealth Games, the Ryder Cup, the Year of Homecoming, and the 700th anniversary of Bannockburn were all eagerly anticipated.
And right the way through, Rutherglen, Cambuslang and our surrounding areas were right on the frontline of a few months that would change our country forever.
In March, letters were dropping through the doors of those lucky few who had been given the honour taking part in the Queen’s Baton Relay, which would come through Rutherglen as Spring gave us a whisper of what was to follow.
But May was when it really burst into life. At the start of the month, Alex Salmond confirmed he would bring his Scottish Cabinet to Fernhill as the referendum debate started to take over all aspects of political life.
On Tuesday, May 27, the Cabinet arrived. Mr Salmond was first, and took part in a kickabout at the Fernhill Community Centre, the result of which were several unflattering pictures that proved a gift to his opponents.
But the First Minister was unruffled. Summer still seemed some way off with the temperatures staying cool and heavy rain plaguing the day. A group of protestors were there to make their feelings known but there was plenty of goodwill for the SNP leader as well.
After taking part in a question and answer session with members of the public and visiting the Health ‘n’ Happy Community Development Trust, Mr Salmond stole a march on the Better Together campaign by speaking to the Reformer and confidently predicting there was a “natural majority for independence,” in Rutherglen.
Many scoffed at the time, yet as the weeks went by it became clear this would be a tight race.
June arrived and so did the sunshine. Landemer Queen Lucy Carr was crowned on June 14 as the temperatures soared and the good weather stuck around for Summerfest a week later, much to the delight of organisers who had endured miserable luck in recent year with the conditions.
On Sunday 22 the Queen’s Baton Relay arrived in the Burgh. Police conservatively estimated as many as 5000 people lined the Main Street to welcome the batonbearers, as well as Clyde the Commonwealth mascot, who went on to become such a hit during the Games. Batonbearer Cheryl Burnett summed up the day, saying: “I’m so excited, it’s such an honour.”
Towards the end of June the Bannockburn Live event was held near Stirling and right at the centre was Cambuslang man Brian McCutcheon, who brought alive the spirit of Robert the Bruce by playing the part of the Scottish King who defeated the English 700 years ago.
As June became July we focussed on another battle for Scotland as politics again took over. Jim Murphy brought his 100 Towns in 100 Days tour to Eastfield. Standing on his trademark Irn Bru crates, the MP told the watching crowd that independence an outdated notion. That same week, Blair Jenkins, leader of the Yes campaign addressed a crowd at St Columbkille’s Hall and focused on the threat of austerity from Westminster.
But the campaign was put firmly on the backburner as July ticked on and the Commonwealth Games hove into view. With Hampden - very much the focal point of the event - right on our doorstep, communities in Rutherglen, King’s Park and Toryglen were warned about possible travel disruption, but that failed to dampen most people’s mood.
Cambuslang train station was renamed ‘Cambuslangjump’ and with the Games approaching the sun again put in an appearance. The Opening Ceremony prompted debate across the country, and right at the centre of it was Scottie dog Dougal, who was led into the arena by his owner, Helen McNally alongside two of the teams. Cambuslang lad Max Gibson was also seen worldwide as one of the famous giant Tunnocks Tea Cakes.
Everyone seemed to be getting involved in the Games fun. The eyes of the world were on Cathkin Braes for the mountain biking and there was even medal success for King’s Park boxer, Stephen Lavelle, who took home a bronze.
Our sporting success wasn’t confined to the Commonwealth Games. Two golfers with local links, Marc Warren and Scott
From page 12
Jamieson, made it to the Open at Royal Liverpool.
As the Games came to an end, with King’s Park man Des McLean hosting the closing ceremony, our attention again turned towards September 18, and this time there was little else to occupy our minds.
We launched our coverage on August 13, giving over a page each week for both campaigns to fill. The Yes campaign’s Jim Sillars brought his Margo Mobile to the town while the Spirit of Independence wagon also paid a visit.
The cooling effects of the Ice Bucket Challenge arrived at an opportune time as things started to heat up, but Rutherglen would find itself on the referendum frontline on September 10 when Lord Prescott arrived on a glorious late summer’s day.
The former Deputy Prime Minister risked ridicule for suggesting Scotland and England should unite football teams just days after former Spittal pupil Ikechi Anya had netted against the world champions in a narrow defeat.
Both sides faced off as tempers threatened to boil over. The Labour heavyweight was hounded by Yes campaigners as Better Together supporters tried to keep them away. A media scrum of national newspapers and broadcaster had come along, but once again it was the Reformer who got the interviews that mattered. Alistair Darling, wearing the look of a man who just wanted it all to end, told us the UK would “achieve so much more together.”
It was an unsightly scene on the Main Street, yet the day itself was oddly calm. An air or nervousness hung in the air, but those going into vote displayed no sign of feeling the strain of making such a momentous decision.
Along with the rest of South Lanarkshire, Rutherglen and Cambuslang’s votes were counted at the John Wright Centre in East Kilbride. The climax proved oddly anti-climatic as tiredness and fatigue set in.
No would win - both nationally and locally - and while the arguments continue to rage, leaving the count in the early hours of September 19 did feel like a natural end to a five-month period that will live long in the memory.
 