DANNY Sheedy said: "If the sheriff wants to come and get me, I will pick him up from the airport. I’ll put him up for a few nights and invite friends round for a barbecue and a few beers." Australian tourist refuses to pay Scottish bus lane fine - Daily Record AN Australian tourist is refusing to pay a fine for driving in a bus lane in Scotland – unless a sheriff comes to collect it in person.
Danny Sheedy strayed into the lane in a hire car during a holiday in Glasgow.
So far, three letters from the city council and another from a debt recovery agency have been sent to his home in Australia.
But Danny said: “If the sheriff wants to come and get me, I will pick him up from the airport.
“I’ll put him up for a few nights and invite friends round for a barbecue and a few beers.”
Danny, 61, said he had no idea he and wife Toni, 59, were driving in a bus lane in the Merchant City in May.
And he claimed it is a waste of taxpayers’ money for the council to pursue the &pound;60 fine, which now stands at &pound;90 because of non-payment.
Danny, of Bannockburn, Victoria, added: “I could not believe that they would go to the trouble of sending a letter to the other side of the world.”
The father of two has written to the council, telling them they should be making better use of their time.
He wrote: “Your continual harassment for a trivial matter is only for the pursuit of revenue.
“It would be much wiser to turn your time and attention to something more positive and productive.
“Stop wasting ratepayers money and invest in the homeless, disability services or other constructive measures.
“The Bus Lane Appeals Form does not provide any scope for reasonable consideration for goodwill or leniency.
“Sounds like a kangaroo court to me.
“After four letters, the latest threatens to engage a debt recovery agent and a sheriff – more ratepayers money.
“If you wish to waste some more, I would be pleased to accept a flight and accommodation paid by Glasgow City Council to front any hearing.”
A council spokeswoman said: “We will gladly reply to Mr Sheedy’s letter.
“How he intends to respond to his fine is a matter for him. Bus lane rules apply to all motorists, including tourists.”
Try your hand at today's news quiz

 