VISITSCOTLAND chief Mike Cantlay said images of Scotland beamed out across the world during the event were worth up to £40m in direct marketing benefit. Ryder Cup: Tourism chiefs celebrate Gleneagles success story dubbing it a £40m 'game changer' - Daily Record 
TOURISM bosses have hailed the success of the Gleneagles Ryder Cup and claimed it can become the launchpad to boost visitor numbers in Scotland.
Around 45,000 golf fans from across the globe packed the course on each of the three days’ play.
And the stunning setting at the Perthshire venue, added to the thrilling action on the course, ensured the tournament was dubbed one of the best ever.
More Ryder Cup news
VisitScotland has developed a worldwide &pound;2m marketing campaign to reinforce the country's status as the &quot;home of golf&quot; in the wake of the tournament.
It is estimated the images of Scotland beamed out across the world were worth up to &pound;40m in direct marketing benefit.
And VisitScotland chairman Mike Cantlay said: “Scotland has proved it is the perfect stage for events in the world.
“The Ryder Cup and the Commonwealth Games have been winners for Scottish tourism, putting Scotland on the map like never before and building a confidence that will affect tourism businesses for ever.
&quot;Scotland, as a nation, has delivered. Our events prowess is now firmly established and we now need to work together to ensure that we use this success to convert these new Scotland fans into visitors to the country.
&quot;We have to see 2014 as the launchpad for success in 2015 and beyond, and we have to continue to showcase Scotland through our marketing and events to ensure we keep this momentum going.
&quot;Scotland has shown through the Commonwealth Games and The Ryder Cup that we can win any global sporting, business or cultural event and that we have the infrastructure, security and event management capability to host everything from the smallest conference to a world class sporting spectacle.
&quot;We have used 2014 to showcase our landscapes, vibrant towns and fantastic food and drink, but visitors here are all talking about one thing and that is the Scottish people.
&quot;It is one of the top reasons why people come to Scotland and those visitors have not been disappointed. Our international visitors have been fantastic guests and we look forward to welcoming them back again.
&quot;Our American friends have been especially gracious about the result and we know that they will return soon to Scotland. After this week, more Americans than ever see Scotland as the Home of Golf and increasingly, their home from home. So haste ye back and Scotland will welcome the world again soon.”
Scotland currently attracts 220,000 golf tourists a year, while 92,000 other visitors play golf while on holiday.
&nbsp;
 