FROM medical emergencies and real goats heads, to moulds of ladies' busts and the Cowardly Lion, Club Noir has seen it all. In Pictures: Burlesque boss Tina Warren on 10 years of Club Noir's Halloween extravaganza - Daily Record  THOUGH Tina Warren is always thrilled when fright fans pull out all the stops for Halloween at Club Noir , she’s hoping this year’s costumes won’t prompt a medical emergency. 
Such was the detail dancer Chealsea Dagger (of Fratellis fame) put into her mad ghost make-up in a previous October, multiple concerned party-goers reported her to health auxiliaries.
Now, with the burlesque night celebrating its tenth Halloween night, club founder Tina says she’s sure attendance figures will a picture of health as Glaswegians take the chance to let their imagination roam free.
She said: “Halloween is so special to people as a creative outlet. You may be working nine to five in a three piece suit or whatever, but when Halloween comes around you can be whatever you want to be.
“It’s a chance to say ‘I’m going to be very special, amazing, creative and at my most beautiful and wildest'.
“It’s embellishing yourself and making yourself a beautiful walking work of art that people will comment on, creating an experience you’ll remember all year.”
 The burlesque boss reckons Halloween has become Club Noir’s most accessible night, attended by people (including Hollywood hunk Channing Tatum ) who wouldn’t consider going to their other events. She tentatively ascribes this to Halloween having long been a time for raunchy dress-up, with corsets and nipple tassels de rigueur at the club. 

But while the past decade has seen patrons go to such extreme lengths as making plaster moulds of their busts, Tina’s most memorable costume lies down a family-friendly yellow brick road.
She explained: “For me the one that stands out is someone who came as the cowardly lion from the Wizard of Oz. Another is a girl who just put a sheet over her head and cut eyes out like you do when you’re a child, it was just so funny, stupid and simple.
“Some people put in an insane amount of effort - I have people saying to me in January they’re already planning their outfit - which I find hugely flattering.
“It also means me and the other performers need to work a lot harder because the costumes onstage need to equal the audience!”
With Noir celebrating the decade anniversary, they’ve assembled a line-up consisting of favourites from the past ten years, headlined by internationally acclaimed performer Empress Stah.
Tina describes the securing of Stah as a real coup, and says the gruesome extravaganza of her performance is a perfect fit with the night’s reputation for spectacle, as well as her animal rights morals.
An incandescent aerial act, Stah’s Hell Hound routine features fire breathing, magic tricks, litres of fake blood.. and real goats’ heads.
Committed vegan Tina said: “I don’t want to go down the whole finger-wagging ‘you shouldn’t eat meat’ route but I just think It is Halloween and if you’ve ever seen a slaughterhouse it’s more vile than any horror film you’ve ever seen and people should be aware of that.
 

“There’ll be vegetarians who’ll say I shouldn’t be doing that but I say ‘well fine the animal is already dead anyway, let’s stick their head on the pole and show it up’. You’ve all been eating your dinner before you came out tonight and that’s where it came from love.”
Somewhat ironically when Tina herself takes to the stage it will as Cruella De Vil, though she’s quick to explain it’s 100 per cent faux fur.
“Go to the burlesque scene in London and you’ll see lots of real fur, but Scotland is fantastic,” she said. &quot;Even though our audiences are so often dressed up in fabulous vintage you’ll rarely see real fur anywhere.
“But even though we do get some wonderful costumes we don’t want people to stress about what they’re wearing, just come and have fun. We’ve got proper horror Halloween stuff, plus lots of gorgeous costumes and pretty girls - it’s going to be great.”
Club Noir is at the 02 Academy Saturday, November 1, tickets &pound;15.50.
 Click here to read what Tina was hoping Club Noir would achieve during the Commonwealth Games. 
 Send us your photos of your Halloween nights at Club Noir by emailing joseph.mcguire@trinitymirror.com or Tweeting @Glasgow_Now. We'll make a gallery of the best ones that will go online on Friday. 
 