10-year agreement to market and sell the Snapple brand in the UK and some EU territories comes on same day Barr announces near 15% rise in first-half profits  AG Barr agrees licence deal with US soft drinks giant Dr Pepper Snapple Group AG Barr agrees licence deal with US soft drinks giant Dr Pepper Snapple Group - Daily Record Irn-Bru maker AG Barr has agreed a new 10-year exclusive deal with US soft drinks giant Dr Pepper Snapple Group to sell, market and distribute the Snapple brand in the UK some EU territories.
The Cumbernauld-based company announced the deal alongside interim results which show near first-half profits rose nearly 15 per cent to &pound;19 million on a five per cent rise in turnover to &pound;135.7 million.
Barr said the deal agreed with Dr Pepper Snapple Group (DPSG), effective from January 2015, will also see both companies work in “partnership to identify further expansion opportunities in European markets where Snapple is currently not available”.
AG Barr chief executive, Roger White, said: “We are very excited about our new partnership with DPSG. Snapple is an authentic, high quality brand that is very successful in the United States and we strongly believe in the significant potential of Snapple in Europe.”
DPSG’s senior vice president of international, Andrew Bayfield, said: “We see an opportunity to build Snapple in Europe over the long-term.
“AG BARR has the capabilities to help unlock the potential of the brand in those markets, and we’re looking forward to working with them.”
Reporting interim results for the six months to July 27, Barr said pre-tax profits, pre-exceptional item rose 14.6 per cent to &pound;19 million (H1 2013: &pound;&pound;16.6 million).
Stripping out &pound;0.6 million in one-off costs related to Barr's early exit from a contract agreement with Orangina, pre-tax profits were up 11 per cent year on year to &pound;18.4 million.
The company said it had “continued to outperform the soft drinks market” in the six month period, adding performance, bolstered by the Commonwealth Games, had been “particularly good” given the strong prior year comparative performance.
Volume growth in the period was 6.2 per cent, with the Strathmore water brand having “contributing significantly to this strong volume performance”.
“In value terms, carbonates grew by 4.5 per cent and still drinks by 6.3 per cent,” Barr said.
Barr said innovation had also played an important role in performance, with the development and launch of a number of new products in the period - Rubicon Coconut Water, IRN-BRU ice cream and BARR XTRA Cola.
The company said gross margins and operating margins had improved “by around 100bps” (one per cent) from “efficiencies related to volume growth and improved cost control”.
Barr said it has booked exceptional charges of &pound;2.5 million in the first half, including &pound;0.7 million in redundancy costs in the groups finance, telesales and supply chain operations.
A further &pound;1 million has been charged for redundancy related costs linked to the closure of its Tredegar carton packaging site in Wales along with a further &pound;1.4 million charge relating to the site and assets.
Barr has also booked a pension curtailment credit of &pound;0.5 million, which “has been recognised to
reflect the decrease in the number of employees within the defined benefit pension scheme”.
Barr has hiked its interim dividend by 10 per cent to 3.11 pence per share.
Commenting on the results, Barr chief executive, Roger White, said: “We have delivered strong, balanced growth across our core brands in the year to date, with volume growth well ahead of the total market.
“We have traded well across all channels and have benefited from the excellent execution of our Commonwealth Games sales and marketing plans.
“Market conditions across the soft drinks category and general consumer environment are challenging, however we plan to maintain our increased levels of investment in our brands, people and assets across the rest of the year and we remain confident in the long term potential of the business.”
&nbsp;
 