Council had the second biggest bill in the country - coming second to the host city Glasgow, and ahead of Scotland's capital, Edinburgh. North Ayrshire Council defends £150k spend on Queens Baton Relay events. - Daily Record A &pound;150,007 bill for Queen’s Baton Relay events has been defended by North Ayrshire Council.
The council had the second highest bill in Scotland and came behind the host city Glasgow for costs related to the Commonwealth Games celebrations in July.
A total of &pound;94,815 was spent on ‘entertainment/infrastructure/tech support’ - a sum that was brought about through a tendering process.
Further costs of &pound;26,237 went to ‘publicity, photography and route dressing’ – &pound;14, 838 of which was spent on “flag spikes and banners etc”, and &pound;3,120 on photography.
An additional &pound;8,279 was spent on publicity for the events including the design and print of fliers, radio advert costs and adverts in local newspapers, including the Irvine Herald.
Glasgow City Council spent &pound;500,000 on a four-day tour of the city while Perth and Kinross forked out &pound;112,373 on proceedings.
Scotland’s capital, Edinburgh City Council, a region that has a population of over four times that of North Ayrshire, spent &pound;99,378.
The spending from North Ayrshire Council also included 300 free return ferry tickets for Arran residents to join in the End of Day celebrations – costing &pound;6,329 including logistics.
The Queen’s Baton Relay route didn’t include a trip to the island, and instead the council provided this gesture.
Transport from Ardrossan ferry terminal was also provided to and from the event for the Arran residents – the council say they received positive feedback from the community groups that were allocated tickets.
Comparatively, South Ayrshire, a council with a bigger geographical share of Ayrshire spent &pound;68,265 and East Ayrshire – the largest council area in Ayrshire – spent &pound;30,666 – almost one fifth of North Ayrshire’s costs.
A spokeswoman for North Ayrshire Council said: “North Ayrshire Council planned for - and delivered - a highly successful QBR Day which had one of the highest levels of community engagement/involvement across Scotland.
“The funding spent on QBR Day was just over &pound;1 per head for the people of North Ayrshire and, we believe, represents excellent value for money, given the lasting legacy of community engagement and benefits.
“More than 22,500 North Ayrshire residents turned out to see the baton and take part in events organised by 15 local community groups and voluntary organisations throughout the day as part of our Legacy Plan.
She added: “The majority of our QBR expenditure was on entertainment, infrastructure and technical support and included the cost of transporting the baton ‘home’ to the Isle of Cumbrae where the wood used for the baton handle was sourced.
“This involved hiring rigid inflatable boats - one for the baton bearer and QBR staff, and two for the media.
“Like every Council across Scotland, we also staged an ‘End of Day’ event to round off the QBR celebrations.
“This event was held at Ardrossan South Beach and was attended by 8,000 people.
“Given the high number of community groups and residents supporting and participating in this event, the cost of hiring infrastructure - such as staging, crowd control barriers etc - was considerable.”
 