SARAH-MAY PHILO gets the aggressive make-up pitch and not what she went shopping in Glasgow for. Sarah-May Philo: Retail can be hard work, but I don't want the hard sell in department stores - Sarah-May Philo - Daily Record FOR as long as I can remember I have had a love-hate relationship with shopping. The love part isn’t that hard to decipher - see something shiny and pretty and take it home. Happiness then ensues.
What I hate is the hard sell from shop employees in department stores.
Don’t misunderstand me. I realize that these jobs are commission-based, and therefore dependent on selling more to achieve more of an income, but being on the other side of that sell - particularly around Christmas - is just plain miserable.
I walked into a large department store recently and almost immediately was set upon by a girl with enough make-up to blind a horse.
Two things were very obvious to me.
The first was she had a product to sell. Not any product - and certainly not what I was looking for - but a “special deal” product that she kept pushing on me like some kind of foundation-based drug.
The second was the script the girl had memorized. It felt empty and cold.
Sentences fell out of her well-painted mouth like drops of soulless grey paint.
“This is top-of-the-line, bio-dynamic make-up that firms the base of your skin and prevents high-tension in your upper T-Zone, most likely to build up grease and day-to-day dirt.”
“What you’ll find in the sonic-vibe brush is a new anti-bacterial formula to reduce break-out and leave your skin firm and youthful looking.”
I had gone in for concealer. I walked out with nothing.
This being said, I know what it is to be in retail.
Some days are wonderful - meeting bright and chatty people, talking about fashion, books- even coffee. But some days are truly awful. Some days you are greeted with difficult customer after difficult customer and once you’ve been snapped at six times before lunch you want to lock yourself in a cupboard and cry.
So I hope the next department store I walk into doesn’t train their staff to do the hard sell. I hope instead to be greeted with a genuinely lovely person who really does just want to help me buy what I came in for. When that happens, I will do my best not to hug them.
&nbsp;
 Hidden Gem: Yoga shopping 
Walk into any supermarket and you’ll be greeted by lovely bright colourful packaging, red signs telling you how little your chicken will cost this week and, if you’re lucky, a nice smile from a shop assistant who happens to have just started his or her shift that day.
This month, however, was a little different in your local Waitrose. I recently walked in to find shop representatives doing yoga at the front door and a model of a spine at a table. Two therapists were giving out information about an open event in the Nuffield gym, while music played out in the store.
I enjoyed how much Waitrose were investing in people. The physio was happy to give anyone advice, and the two tables were full of health and wellbeing leaflets.
If getting healthy for Christmas sounds good but you don’t know where to start, maybe look around the supermarket. You might get a little more than just half off your chicken.
&nbsp;
 No brainer: Strictly Ballroom 
Shadows from the past glint through modern pop culture and take many shapes and forms. For the most part, they go completely unrecognized for what they used to be, quite often mistaken for something new and original.&nbsp;
The BBC’s Strictly Come Dancing is a great example of this. I love this show, and I find it hilarious listening to people talk about the dances, the costumes and the judges as if the entire concept of a competition involving innovative dance and personalized takes on movement and genre is an entirely new thing.
Those I have talked to about it hadn’t even realized the show itself was named after an Australian film based around - shock horror - a dance competition where the young brave heroes generate an original and unique interpretation on ballroom dancing.
The film is utterly brilliant. And if you, like me, get a real kick out of seeing British celebrities stalk around a dance floor like blind penguins I highly suggest you give Strictly Ballroom a go. And yes, it was made a whole 22 years ago.
 