Quadruple amputee Corinne Hutton has triumphed over adversity after she contracted pneumonia and septicaemia Help Corinne win Woman of the Year - Daily Record An amazing Renfrewshire mum told of her surprise after she was nominated for Lorraine Kelly’s Inspirational Woman of the Year Award.
Quadruple amputee Corinne Hutton, 44, of Lochwinnoch, has triumphed over adversity after she contracted pneumonia and septicaemia, resulting in the loss of both hands and legs below the knees.
At one point, her family were told she had a mere five per cent chance of survival before receiving life-changing bypass treatment in Leicester’s ECMO unit in June last year.
The mum-of-one set up the charity Finding Your Feet from her hospital bed to raise money for others facing life-changing trauma.
She walks on prosthetic legs and has been fitted with a bionic hand.
Her incredible journey has even included taking part in the Queen’s Baton relay in the run-up to Commonwealth Games earlier this summer.
And, later this year, she will undergo the UK’s first double hand transplant to become the first bionic woman in the country.
Her family and friends nominated her for the top award in recognition of her courage and willingness to help others in a similar situation.
Corinne revealed she was taken aback at learning she had been put forward in the Woman of the Year Award, which is celebrating its 60th year.
She said: “I am both flattered and humbled to find out I have been nominated for the award.
“I have no doubt that I’m up against many other deserving women and, regardless of who wins, I think the award can only highlight the strength and bravery of many women out there.”
Corinne’s family, friends and fellow charity workers are urging Express readers to back the nomination.
A spokeswoman at Finding Your Feet said: “It would be great if Express readers would like to offer support on behalf of Corinne, who has been nominated for Lorraine Kelly Woman of The Year Awards.”
People can show their support by visiting www.itv.com/lorraine/hot-topics/nominate-your-woman-of-the-year
Nominations must be received by midday tomorrow.
 