A NEW poll has named Glaswegians as the most likely to take selfies on a regular basis, while Edinburgh residents are far more camera-shy. Glasgow named Scottish selfie capital while Edinburgh shuns self-taken snaps - Daily Record GLASWEGIANS are the top selfie takers of Scotland, according to a new survey.
A whopping 67 per cent of people polled in Glasgow said they take selfies regularly, more than any other area of the country, while across Britain only Liverpool pipped the city, sitting at 78 per cent.
Edinburgh meanwhile was Scotland’s anti-selfie capital, with just 10 per cent admitting to the self-taken snaps on a regular basis.&nbsp;
 Researchers at money-saving website&nbsp; www.VoucherCodesPro.co.uk &nbsp;polled a total of 2,829 people aged 18 and over from around the UK for the purpose of the study. Participants were a balanced range of ages and from an equal spread of regions, in order to ensure unbiased results. All participants had at least one social media profile. 
After Liverpool and Glasgow, Brighton (61 per cent), London (57 per cent) and Cardiff (56 per cent) rounded out the top five of regular selfie takers, while Leeds bottomed out the charts at just four per cent.
Nick Swan, CEO of the money-saving website, said: “Selfies have well and truly taken the nation by storm and it seems that many regions have jumped on the bandwagon.
“I have to say, however, that I am a little surprised by the rise of the selfie. It has gone from celebrities, such as Kim Kardashian, posting countless selfies online, to teenagers sending them to friends and even the older generation and parents getting involved.&quot;
 Our sister paper the Hamilton Advertiser recently discovered Hamilton residents take a decent selfie with their Selfie Awards . 
 However, as this story reveals, selfies can become an obsession that leave people housebound and even suicidal . 
 As for selfies apparently of ladies' busts , things can sometimes be not all they seem.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
And spare a thought for this poor chap who thought he'd managed to get a selfie with Glasgow 2014 hero Usain Bolt. 
 And finally when selfies go wrong it can put a real dampener on your day . 
 