Media Scotland sports journalist Nick Thomson believes the Gleneagles spectacular is the perfect way to bring the curtain down on a great summer of sport Wishaw Press Sports View: Ryder Cup is ideal summer conclusion - Daily Record After the deep divisions left by the referendum campaign, Scotland will this weekend be handed the chance to unite once more as golf’s greatest event – the Ryder Cup – begins at Gleneagles.
I’m the first to admit I’m not the biggest golf fan – I understand the rules and appreciate the immense skill the world’s best players possess, but sitting for hours on end watching the sport doesn’t normally appeal to me.
That all goes out the window this weekend however as I will be glued to one of sport’s most exciting, intriguing festivals of excellence as Europe battle the USA for the coveted trophy.
The last edition of the tournament at Medinah in 2012 was quite magnificent, and Europe came back from the dead that year to overhaul America’s 10-6 lead going into the final day to win 14 1/2 to 13 1/2, and goes down as surely one of the sporting comebacks of all time.
It also brought to a close a stunning summer of sport after the London Olympics, Bradley Wiggins Tour de France win and Andy Murray’s US Open triumph.
A similarly sparkling Ryder Cup would again cap what has been a tremendous sporting summer what with the fabulous Commonwealth Games and the engrossing World Cup already having made this a stand-out year in the same way 2012 was.
Europe have appointed Paul McGinley as Captain, and he looks to be an assured choice given his success as a player for the continent in 2002, 2004 and 2006.
He has at his disposal easily the best golfer in the world at the moment in the shape of Rory McIlroy – and his deserved Major wins at both the Open and US PGA championships demonstrated that when he is on form he is miles ahead of any other player who dares to challenge him.
McGinley has also handed one of his wildcards to Scot Stephen Gallacher – a wise choice not only in terms of giving the crowd a home favourite to cheer, but the Bathgate man is also in splendid form and will be a real asset either as a partner in the four-ball or foursomes, or as an individual on the Sunday afternoon.
&nbsp;

Some players are just made for the Ryder Cup – and the irrepressible Ian Poulter is just one of those characters and again he will be expected to lead from the front.
To our friends from across the pond now, and their appointment of Tom Watson as their Captain is another tremendous selection not only given his past career as a multi-major winning player and Ryder Cup competitor, but also his immense popularity here in Scotland given how much success he has had here in the past.
The Americans will of course be without Tiger Woods, but that may be no bad thing given his erratic and indifferent form over the last few years.
Regardless of who wins (and for the record I think Europe will romp home) it is sure to be a fantastic weekend of sport and a fitting conclusion to another superb sporting summer.
&nbsp;
I note with interest this week that there are still thousands upon thousands of unsold tickets ahead of Scotland’s Euro 2016 qualifier with Georgia at Ibrox next month.
And with the cheapest adult ticket costing a cool &pound;35 I can’t say I’m surprised.
The SFA have priced so many fans out of attending what would under normal circumstances be a near-sell out game, and they should hang their heads in shame for what I believe to be nothing other than sheer greed.

 