RECORD VIEW insists David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg will not be allowed to backtrack on their vow of more powers for Scotland. Record View: There is no going back on vow of more powers for Scotland - Record View - Daily Record DAVID Cameron made a major blunder on Friday morning by linking the Daily Record Vow for more powers to Scotland to voting reform for English laws at Westminster.
With his own English MPs in high dudgeon about more devolution, the PM might have thought it was smart to try to squeeze Ed Miliband and the Labour Party.
But while he is good on tactics, he is terrible on strategy.
Making Scottish powers conditional on English voting reform was nowhere near the set of pledges that all three party leaders signed.
For Cameron to reverse out of such a public pledge would leave him despised, loathed and mistrusted across the UK, not just in Scotland.
The Daily Record today restates our pledge on that deal – we will not allow them to backtrack on the promise they made on our page one last week.
There is no get-out for the Prime Minister.
He put his name to it, Scotland voted on it, he has to deliver.
THE commitment from Labour leader Ed Miliband to raise the minimum wage is a welcome step in the right direction.
Introducing the legal floor for low paid workers was one of the crowning achievements of the last Labour government.
It was achieved in the teeth of opposition from the Tories and business interests.
There is always a fine balance to be had between paying proper wages and allowing companies to remain competitive.
The bracket for the lowest paid now is &pound;6.31 an hour – aiming for &pound;8 within the next six years is laudable.
It would double the pace of increase that is expected with inflation – but is it enough?
The Living Wage that experts estimate people need to keep them slipping into poverty is &pound;7.65 an hour.
The unions reckon that &pound;10 an hour would be a proper living wage.
As it stands, Labour’s &pound;1.50 per hour increase would be worth &pound;60 a week, or &pound;3000 a year, for the lowest paid.
That is not to be sniffed at and it is an example of Miliband using politics to change people’s lives. More of that please.
THE Ryder Cup , showcase of international golf, returns to the home of the sport this week.
It will be the last act of Scotland’s amazing 2014 and we hope it is as big a success as the Commonwealth Games.
By the way, well done (finally) to the Royal and Ancient for allowing women to join as members.
 