CONNELL made her final appearance for the Scottish Thistles at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow last month, helping her side to a 46-28 victory over Trinidad and Tobago in the 9th/10th place play-off Netball star Karin calls time on Scotland career after 101 caps for her country - Daily Record Karin Connell has called time on her international netball career after amassing over 100 caps for her country.
The 31-year-old, who hails from St Leonards, announced she was quitting the Scotland set-up to pursue other interests, but will remain with her club side Scotstoun, who play in the National Premier League.
Connell made her final appearance for the Scottish Thistles at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow last month, helping her side to a 46-28 victory over Trinidad and Tobago in the 9th/10th place play-off.
She bows out with 101 caps to her name after making her debut back in 2002 and will now miss out on a third world championships, which Scotland have qualified for in Australia next year.
And after 12 years at the top, the wing-attack told the News: “It was a really tough decision but feel it was the right time and I am blessed to bow out on such a high.
“Although the world championships are only a year away it requires a huge amount of time and commitment to compete at this level and I am at an age where I want to pursue other things in my life.
“I have already played in two world championships and feel it’s time for me to step away and support the talented youngsters such as Sam Murphy, Lynsey Gallacher and Nicola McCleery – all from East Kilbride – to participate in such a prestigious event.
“I have had the time of my life and achieved all my personal goals of playing in world championships, the Commonwealth Games and reaching 100 caps.
“The highlight of my career is easily the Commonwealth Games.
“It was the first time Scotland netball has participated and it surpassed all my expectations.
“As a squad we were all ready for this competition like no other and we played some of our best netball.
“Off court I had great laughs with team mates, met some amazing people and having it at home was very special.
“It was an experience I will never forget.”
Connell first played for her country at under-17 level and as a junior played for Greenhills, East Kilbride CJs and then East Kilbride netball clubs before progressing to the senior team at East Kilbride.
Her career also took her down south when she played for Team Northumbria in the Netball Superleague before returning home to play for the Glasgow Wildcats in the same competition.
Now with Scotstoun, Connell will continue to play on at club level, but she is keen to offer a helping hand within the Scottish game as well.
She added: “Most coaching, umpiring and management roles as well as the running of district leagues and Scottish Cups are filled by volunteers so in the near future I want to give back to the netball community in some way as it has given me so much.
“I love this sport and I will continue to play club netball.
“One thing I will miss most of being part of an elite squad are my teammates. I have shared amazing moments with amazing people. I love them like family and have made lifelong friendships.
“The passion I have for this sport will never fade and I will now be the Scottish Thistles’ biggest fan, wishing them every success and supporting them all the way.”
 