GLASGOW'S Tramway theatre hosts Scottish Ballet's Up Close tour demonstrating an exceptional celebration of dance and the human form. Glasgow audiences get Up Close with ballet stars in top-notch Scottish Ballet tour at Tramway - Daily Record IT was impossible not to look at the dance “Jealousy” and not think of rotisserie chicken.
Bathed under a red-gold spotlight, the male dancer from Scottish Ballet kept turning his female partner around in his hands perpendicular to himself as part of this story of a man suspecting his wife of adultery.
But apart from what my mind thought, this was just one element of six intimate displays and one ensemble performance for the “Up Close” show at Glasgow’s Tramway on Friday night.
The stripped down show has minimal costumes and, as with all of Scottish Ballet’s more contemporary dance, is a celebration of the human form and movement. And it has allowed a tour across Scotland of venues that would not normally get access to the national company.
Dunfermline, Stornoway, Galashiels, Berwick-upon-Tweed, Kirkwall and Thurso have already taken in the show and Stranraer, Ullapool, Ayr and Dundee are all welcoming the dancers leading up to Saturday.
Tramway does indeed let you get “Up Close” to the performance, far more than at their usual Theatre Royal home in Glasgow. So a dance such as Still It Remains of four women, to a Middle Eastern soundtrack, or Trace, to Rachmaninoff, lets you imagine what story is being told. That’s very different from, say, a ballet such as Nutcracker where everyone knows the story and you’re just enjoying the interpretation and costumes. Oxymore, Broken Ice, Dark Full Ride and Jealousy are all much more intense because you have just four or even one solitary dancer sometimes on stage. They are consumed by dance - as anyone who dances even on a Saturday night at the clubs could argue is easy to do.
After an intermission, the troupe performed Elite Syncopations - imagine ragtime music with psychedelic body-tight costumers and that’s basically it. But for a Friday night, this was hugely entertaining, particularly one sequence with a tall female paired with a shorter man, the Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman of the dance world and one you couldn’t help smile at.
The music was much more effective than last month’s The Crucible where I felt the story and dance was confused by selections from film scores. Up Close worked much better because there was less. And if you have a chance to catch Up Close this week around Scotland, you will appreciate Scottish Ballet all the more.
&nbsp;
Up Close is at the Ryan Centre in Stranraer on October 28, Ullapool’s Macphail Centre on October 28 and 29, Ayr’s Gaiety Theatre on October 31, and Dundee Rep Theatre on October 31 and November 1.
 