THE rocker spoke to Glasgow Now ahead of his Classic Grand date in a rather frank interview in which he reveals his true feelings on live albums. Ginger Wildheart on Glasgow, X Factor's One Direction and his contempt for live albums - Daily Record GINGER WILDHEART knows the British music scene well.
An industry veteran with a career spanning 25 years, he’s well known for his hard rock and pop outfit the Wildhearts. The band have had their ups and downs, with members coming and going and bitter feuds with their record company, East West.
Yet frontman Ginger Wildheart has been the one constant of the band, and Glasgow Now caught up with him about his career to date.
 You're due to perform at The Classic Grand next month. Is there anything about Glasgow that particularly sticks out? 
I've always loved Glasgow crowds - they just do exactly what a great crowd should do. They get involved, they shout their heads off and genuinely look like they're having a great time.
Some crowds look a little like they're suffering your show, but you can rely on Glaswegians to give you a good lift at a gig. Plus I'm a Geordie, and we're technically Scottish anyway. Listen, when the request went out for press in Glasgow and York tons of Scottish sites and papers got in touch, and not one person from York could be arsed. You don't need to know much more about my thoughts on Scotland than that.
 What can fans expect from this gig? 
Baby Chaos, Eureka Machines and my lot? Expect plenty of great tunes for a start, and three bands that will rip your wig off with power. Plus, I'm playing guitar with Baby Chaos, so I'm double excited about that.
People the world over are in love with Foo Fighters and Green Day, but there's not one band on that bill that can't match both of those bands for musical and writing skills, not to mention passion and commitment. If people don't support bills like this then they'll get the kind of bills they deserve. And they won't be seeing much change from &pound;100 a gig if that happens. Use it or lose it, y'know?
If people don't get behind UK talent they're going to end up being told what to like, and that'll be mostly big budget American bands. Right now you can still have both if you can afford it, and everyone can afford this show.&nbsp; Get off your arse and stop complaining there's no good music any more!
 In December 2010, you said you considered Wildhearts a period of your life that was over. What changed? 
It's the double-edged blade of social media. I say something drunk, or fully sober and meaning it 100 per cent at the time, and then change my mind some years later but the statement sticks. I'm not even sure I trust people who don't change their mind for a better idea.
Stubborn refusal to bend with the times often sees people snapping due to their inability to give. Plus I'm in touch with my female side so I retain the right to change my mind whenever, and on whatever I choose.
 Since the band's formation in 1989, the members have all changed but you've been the one constant. If you could go back in time, would you do anything differently? 
If I could go back in time I'd take it all a lot less seriously. I was riddled with doubts and insecurities that I honestly don't give a s**t about nowadays. &quot;You can't wear make up&quot;, &quot;you can't be outrageous&quot;, &quot;you can't fire this guy&quot;, just pointless insecurities brought about by smoking way too much pot. Now I don't smoke at all, unless I'm on tour and it's very late, and I don't suffer anything like the same persecution problems. If I could go back to 1989 I'd dress up like Dee Snider. Maybe.
 All the songs on the latest album were recorded on the original 1993 album 'Earth Vs The Wildhearts', why did you decide to release the live version of the songs performed last year? 
I didn't, our ex manager did. We were touring for the 20th anniversary of the first album and I didn't even know the show was being recorded until afterwards. Maybe I was told before hand, but I definitely didn't remember while playing. I guess that's a good thing.
Still, I think live albums are a cheap cop out. And that cover? My good friend Rich Jones designed it, and I just said: “Look, I don’t care what's on it, I have no interest in this album&quot;, and then I saw it and wonder if I should have said something? Either way, live albums are a desperate attempt to cash in on a few extra quid. There's no imagination or thought in it whatsoever, and that's the opposite of what I'm about.
 You have an online subscription group called Ginger's Associated Secret Society (GASS), where you post music, videos, artwork and podcasts. What is the inspiration behind GASS? 
I was already involved and interested in crowd funding but wanted to see if people actually wanted physical product or if they'd be just as happy with digital music.
I also wanted to see how many hardcore fans I have, plus I wanted to cut out the middle men that are traditionally involved with crowd funding through well known sites. I mean, with management commissions and everything else you're looking at almost 50 per cent of the gross going to external parties, which could have been spent on the music.
After the last Pledge campaign, where I earned the grand total of nothing, I figured I couldn't lose out in trying something new. Man, was I proved right.
 What do think of the current music scene, populated by X Factor successes like One Direction? 
I honestly don't mind any of that, I don't consider it to be the same sport that I'm involved in. I come from a 'get in the back of the van' background, but do I have a problem with people who don't want to sit with a dozen drunken guys farting at you all day and night? Of course not. There should be room for everyone to express themselves however they want.
People who hate X Factor are probably just looking at something to moan about. One Direction are five young guys who sing live, work their arse off all day and night, and deal with stardom like very few people could. I like stars and I don't expect them to sleep on the floor like I would.
 What's next for you and the band? 
Next we'll be doing my Birthday Bash in December. Fifty years old - how the bloody hell did that happen? Then we're off to Europe in January for our first headline shows over there. We're all busy with other projects too, so any excuse we have to get together is great for us.
This is a fun band to play in. No one makes me laugh like Jon Poole, our bassist, except for my six year old son. And, unsurprisingly, they're the best of friends. It's very much a family affair. Actually, the last time The Wildhearts played Glasgow my little boy got up and sang &quot;People Who Died' by Jim Carroll, a very dark song for a six year old to recite word for word. He's a funny one. Had the place going mental too. Upstaged us all, if I'm totally honest.
 Finally, for those who don’t know, why Ginger? How important is your ginger identity to you? 
When I was a kid the name Ginger was an insult at school. When I was about to sign my first record contract I thought it would be hilarious to continue calling myself Ginger, like fatty y'know?
These days there isn't the same stigma attached to the name but I still remember it as an act of defiance, and always will.
Ginger plays the Classic Grand on Sunday, November 2 supported by Baby Chaos and Eureka Machines.&nbsp;
 