WITH the referendum now just days away Ice Hockey UK chief Jim Anderson says that they are still looking for answers from the Scottish government. Independence Referendum and Scottish sport: Politicians have left minority sports in limbo - Daily Record ICE HOCKEY chief Jim Anderson has slammed the Scottish government for leaving minority sports in limbo ahead of the independence vote.
Interim chairman Anderson revealed Ice Hockey UK were told about the possible ramifications of a Yes vote more than two-and-a-half years ago.
But he insists attempts to get further details about the fate of his sport have since been ignored.
And Anderson ripped into Shona Robison MSP, the Holyrood Cabinet  Secretary for Sport, claiming her reply to one of his letters was laughable.
He said: “I find it deplorable that no one from the Scottish Government has been in touch with the British Olympic  Association or UK Sport.
“I wrote to Shona Robison, via my local MSP, to share my concerns and try to ascertain some kind of direction that needs to be taken.
“The letter I received back from her I laughed at. They obviously have no idea about sport and I’m not just talking about ice hockey.
 

“The Scottish Government simply hasn’t grasped what our predicament is. In the response I received we were told Scotland could still compete in the Commonwealth Games.
“Ice hockey isn’t in the Commonwealth Games. It’s a winter sport. As a board we can’t make any kind of plan.
“Until we know what the policy of an independent Scotland would be should it happen we can’t do anything.
“We’re not getting any answers after we were first contacted in March 2012 to outline how an independent Scotland would affect the sport which we replied to. We were meant to be having a debate which has never come to fruition.
“We’ve since had the report by Henry McLeish that outlined how sport in  Scotland would be affected – but it was all top-end stuff.
“It was more about football and rugby, which are more established at the world stage, whereas minor sports such as ice hockey, haven’t been mentioned.”
Unlike a lot of minority sports in  Scotland, ice hockey receives no external funding at government level or from UK Sport or Sport Scotland. Anderson revealed Scotland would be accepted into the International Ice Hockey Federation if a Yes vote goes through but is worried it wouldn’t be affordable.
Scottish Ice Hockey would need at least &pound;300,000 a year for an  independent Scottish team to compete at the World Championship level.
At the moment they only bring in &pound;60,000 to &pound;80,000 annually which comes from memberships and club affiliations.
Anderson also fears Scottish clubs would suffer financially as he believes homegrown players would need an  International Transfer Card which costs &pound;850 to play in games down south.
Four teams from Scotland – Braehead Clan, Edinburgh Monarchs, Dundee Stars and Fife Flyers – currently compete in the UK-wide Elite League.
And although Anderson reckons they would still be able to take part in the league after independence he claims it would be a logistical nightmare.
The interim UK chairman said: “It would become a cross-border  competition under the rules of IIHF.
“Any indigenous Scottish players would require an ITC, which would cost them &pound;850 per player, because the league would be operated from England, a different sovereign country.
“I fear for the sport in the event of a Yes vote. I don’t think the whole thing has been thought through, without sounding political. I don’t think people realise the ramifications in sport if it went ahead.”
 