COMMONWEALTH Games hero Alex Marshall has seen a surge in support from punters who have nominated him for the Inspirational Performance Award in the Sunday Mail and sportscotland Sport Awards. Scottish Sport Awards 2014: Commonwealth bowls hero Alex 'Tattie' Marshall sitting in drivers seat for Awards night - Daily Record The Commonwealth Games made household names of sportsmen and women who weren’t even names in their own household.
Now we’re getting ready to put some of them back on the big stage in a matter of weeks.
The nominations for the eighth annual Sunday Mail and sportscotland Sports Awards, the biggest celebration and ceremony on the calendar, are getting right down to the nitty gritty as the nation’s icons jostle for positions on our podium.
But while the big guns of swimming, athletics and boxing bagged most of the headlines, there’s been plenty of support for some of the summer’s less fashionable sports.
And last week in particular we’ve seen two major campaigns to land bowler Alex ‘Tattie’ Marshall MBE and rugby sevens star Colin Gregor our Inspirational Performance award for their Games heroics.
Marshall hit the front pages less for his two golds than his jaw-dropping “get it up ye” gesture alongside pairs partner Paul Foster.
He was Scotland’s flag bearer at the closing ceremony of the Games after triumphing in the men’s pairs and fours at Glasgow 2014, adding to his pairs golds at the 2002 and 2006 Commonwealths.
And Margaret Grindlay wrote to us to say: “Alex was brilliant – as well as his golds, he’s won 19 other world titles, a record, and deserves the recognition these awards bring.”
He’s got competition though.
The sevens was one of the Games’ true success stories, an incredible 180,000 people taking in two days of superb competition at Ibrox.
And no-one epitomised Scotland’s spirit more than Gregor.
The hosts fell to eventual winners South Africa in the quarter finals but they won hearts and minds along the way.

Barbara Mayne wrote: “Colin’s contribution to Scottish sport is incredible. He became the first Scottish rugby player to score 1000 points for his country last year – and only the eighth in the world to do it.
“His commitment to youth development is terrific as well.”
According to Alison Fitzsimons, Gregor could also be due a nomination in our Local Hero award for the work he does away from the pitch.
She said: “His support of the community is unbelievable, from working with young people through the Champions in Schools programme, fund and awareness-raising for the Craig Hodgkinson Trust to being an ambassador for Chest Heart &amp; Stroke Scotland. He deserves recognition.”
The trouble is, he’s not the only one and that’s where our panel of expert judges come in to help. Sportscotland chair Louise Martin, Commonwealth Games Scotland chair Michael Cavanagh, head of high performance Mike Whittingham and athlete Lee McConnell are among those who will sit down and try to separate firsts amongst equals.
And alongside the greats we will be putting the nation’s unsung heroes of sport on the stage as well.
You still have time to tell us about your community champions, the volunteers who coach and administer sport in every corner of the country.
We want to know about them and we want to say thank you to them on your behalf.
And on December 4 at Glasgow’s Thistle Hotel, they’ll be announced on to the stage by Sky Sports’ host with the most Jim White and given the same accolades as the Andy Murrays, Eve Muirheads and Eilidh Childs can expect on a star-studded evening.
We meet at the end of October, so you’ve still got a few weeks left to nominate – and don’t forget to tell us your own verdict on our Sports Personality of the Year as well.
Will it be boxer Charlie Flynn, swimmer Ross Murdoch, judo star Euan Burton, athlete Lynsey Sharp, cyclist Neil Fachie? Will Scotland’s women’s football team pip St Johnstone for team of the year? Or do Scotland’s curlers beat them both?
Log on and tell us who YOU think should be earning 2014’s plaudits.
 