Landslides have closed several roads across Scotland as further heavy rains batter the country. Landslides and disruption as heavy rains hit Scotland Landslides have closed several roads across Scotland as further heavy rains batter the country.
The A835 Ullapool road was closed for several hours after a landslip blocked the road at Garve.
Police Scotland warned drivers to expect delays as the weather affected a number of roads across the country.
Emergency teams are also dealing with landslips on the A83 Rest and Be Thankful in Argyll and Bute and the A85 in Stirlingshire at Crianlarich.
And the road between Ardnarff and Strathcarron in the Highlands, on the A890 Stromeferry bypass, is likely to be closed for at least 12 hours after a large landslide. 
The Met Office issued an amber warning of rain for the Highlands, as well as yellow warnings covering parts of Perthshire, Fife, Strathclyde and the south west.
Drivers were advised to use the A87 as an alternative route between Kyle and Inverness. 
The Stromeferry bypass in Wester Ross has been badly affected by landslides in the past.
One landslip closed the route from 22 December 2011 to 23 April 2012 and cost Highland Council &pound;2.8m to deal with.
The bypass plays a part in taking traffic around Loch Carron.
Meanwhile, the A82 was closed for a short time earlier on Tuesday between Tarbet and Crianlarich. The section of road has been reopened under temporary traffic lights.
The A82 south of Fort William partially reopened on Monday after two landslides blocked the road on Sunday.
The Scottish Environment Protection Agency issued flood warnings for large parts of Perthshire and Tayside, Skye, Lochaber, Speyside and Easter Ross.
Flood alerts were also in place for Argyll and Bute, Wester Ross and Caithness.
In Aberdeen, a vehicle was stuck in floodwater under a footbridge near Stoneywood Road.
Firefighters have been pumping flood water from a filling station at Inverness' Inshes Retail Park, while travel on some roads in and around the city have also been affected by surface water.
Police warned of &quot;heavy flooding&quot; on both carriageways of the A90 in Dundee, and officers urged caution on the roads in the west, Highlands and north east.
Rail services between Gourock, Wemyss Bay and Port Glasgow have been affected by flooding.
The bad weather is expected to ease in many areas midway through Tuesday morning.
However, the Met Office said that since Saturday the worst-affected parts of the country had seen three-day rainfall totals in excess of 150mm (5.9ins).
And BBC Scotland weather presenter Chris Blanchett said 265mm of rain (10.4ins) had fallen in some parts of the Highlands since Friday.
For the latest information on the situation on the roads visit the BBC's travel news page.
You can keep up to date with incidents and roadworks on the motorways here.
Around the country you can check for travel updates from: 
Alternatively, for regular travel updates listen live to BBC Radio Scotland and follow @BBCTravelScot.
You can also follow the BBC Scotland severe weather Twitter list.
Below are a number of other traffic information sources.
 