Media student Chris Bannerman beats off stiff competition to pick up college award in recognition of his production skills and entrepreneurial nous. Ayrshire College media student Chris cuts a fine inspiration - Daily Record A Kilwinning media student has told how he came from a period of unemployment through ill health to being part of the Commonwealth Games.
Chris Bannerman decided to return to college to pursue a career industries after a stint in IT – a move that led him to starting up his own business, Dead Ayr Productions.
The 36-year-old initially studied the NC Media course at Ayrshire College Kilwinning campus before going on to study an HND in TV Production. In recognition of his entrepreneurial efforts and production skills, Chris was recently awarded the ‘John Mather Charitable Trust’, which celebrates those students who have been able to gain the most work through skills they have developed in their courses.
An award of &pound;100 to be spent on equipment was granted to Dead Ayr Productions, which was matched by award sponsors, giving Chris a total of &pound;200 to boost his business.
It’s been a busy few months for the media maverick, who runs the three-man team, following the completion of a number of corporate video productions and other projects, including working as part of the visual team at this year’s Glasgow Commonwealth Games.
Dead Ayr were picked out by Great Big Events – a company specialising in sport presentation and production of cultural and ceremonial events – to control the big screens showing the Judo and Wrestling competitions to Games spectators.
Talking about his experience, Chris said: “It was brilliant to be a part of the Games, but admittedly it was initially terrifying. We would be working between seven to 15 hours a day depending on what was happening, and when it came to competition time, we had to make sure all the right things were going up at the right time, while making sure anything inappropriate stayed off the big screens.
“It felt like a huge responsibility, but once we got into the swing of things, it became a lot of fun and the practical experience gained from working on such a big project was extremely valuable.”
A number of projects have been in the pipeline for Chris’ team since the work at the Commonwealth Games, including a prestigious project to record a historical documentary on Kilwinning Abbey.
But while Dead Ayr Productions have been recognised for their skills and abilities in putting a production together, Chris insists that they refuse to rest on their laurels and are working to improve their skills all the time – a mindset, Chris says, that was instilled during his time at college.
He said: “Before going to Ayrshire College, everything I knew how to do was self-taught and so, if there were mistakes, they were recurring over time. But once I started studying media, I learned how to correct them and work much more efficiently.
“There was also an ethos in place of getting off your backside and going out there to get the work done to hone your skills and put you in new situations, which in turn provided experiences to be learned from and a number of new contacts.”
He added: “When I decided to return to education after a period of ill health that stopped me working, I knew I wanted to do something in the creative industries but as I enjoyed a range of aspects I wasn’t sure which to pursue.
“The NC course offered an opportunity to sample a range of different aspects that I was interested in, and some that I hadn’t even considered from video-making to journalism, which not only helped me decide on my pathway, but by gaining an overall general understanding of the various aspects, it has helped in other projects I have gone on to do.”
For more information visit the Dead Ayr Productions website.
 