A new walking hub has been launched at Stirling Community Hospital as part of the Ramblers’ Medal Routes project, inspired by Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games. Stirling walk club inspired by a sports legacy - Daily Record NHS staff teamed up with Active Stirling to launch these medal routes around the community hospital recently.
The national project encourages people of all ages and abilities to get out and enjoy a walk in their local area following one of three mapped routes.
Tying in with the Commonwealth Games theme, there are Gold, Silver and Bronze Medal routes. The Bronze route is a 15-minute walk, the Silver is a 30-minute walk and the Gold should take around an hour. The routes for the Stirling Community Hospital were mapped by local volunteer walk leader Steve Mackinnon.
Tricia Cumming, Active Stirling’s Walking and Older People’s Activity Coordinator explained the particular relevance of the medal routes being mapped from this site, adding: “We already have a couple of walks that leave from the hospital each week, targeting those who are looking to take the first steps to a more active lifestyle or those who are recovering from a fall or an injury.
“These mapped routes will help to encourage more people to engage with our led walks and allow them see the progress they are making.”
Many of these walkers joined in with the launch of the medal routes as well as number of NHS staff from the hospital.
Gail Tripney, lead physiotherapist from the Therapeutic Day Care Service has been championing the launch from within the hospital and really believes these new routes can help to make a difference.
She said: “These three routes provide a real opportunity for patients and staff alike.
“With the support of Active Stirling walk leaders, we will utilise these routes to assist with the rehabilitation of our patients to help them to regain their confidence.
“The medal routes also make it easier for staff in the hospital to choose to go for a 15 or 30-minute walk at lunchtime without having to think about where to walk. It really is a fantastic initiative and I’m delighted that Stirling Community Hospital is the centre of this new walking hub.”
Details of these routes and all other walking hubs across Scotland can be found on the Ramblers website http://www.ramblers.org.uk/medalroutes
For more information about Active Stirling’s Stirling Walking Network programme and particularly the health walk which leaves from the hospital every Monday at 11am, contact Tricia Cumming on 07557 439111.
 