Eddlewood BC do their bit for Kilbryde Hospice Hamilton club's Kilbryde Hospice charity bowling match raises almost £4000 - Daily Record Eddlewood Bowling Club have been long-standing supporters of Kilbryde Hospice, and this year has been no different.
During the summer, members raised a fantastic &pound;3842 from their annual charity bowling match.
President John Stubbs, immediate past president Harry Coyle and secretary Charlie Miller were delighted to be invited to the hospice to hand a cheque over to the board of directors.
Nicola Gunn, fundraising manager at Kilbryde Hospice, said: “We are so grateful to the members of Eddlewood Bowling Club who have done so much over the years to raise funds to help us build Kilbryde Hospice.
“Now that the construction is complete we were very happy to be able to show some of the members of the club around the new hospice and thank them for their many years of loyal support.”
The charity tournament featured popular double Commonwealth Games gold medallist Alex ‘Tattie’ Marshall among a total of 144 bowlers with 24 Scottish internationals including the current Scottish champion Ian McLean from Blackwood, and previous Scottish champions Ian Campbell from Houldsworth, George Prosser and Jim Meikle from Lesmahagow , Willie McLaughlin from Coalburn and Jim McCann from Burnbank.
The final was contested by two teams representing the Lanarkshire bowling Association.
Club president John Stubbs said: “Players from all over Scotland were there on the day, including Alex Marshall who won gold at the Commonwealth Games. It was absolutely brilliant of him to be here.
“The whole tournament was fantastic and the spectators had a great time.”
The popular tournament is held every year, and this time it was played in memory of Eddlewood Bowling Club member Peter Conway, who died in 2004 of pancreatic cancer.
He had been a Hamilton policeman for 30 years and lived all his life in Eddlewood. He had been a member of the club for over five decades, a family tradition carried on by his sons and grandsons.
Eddlewood Bowling Club have raised over &pound;50,000 for the hospice over the years. Kilbryde Hospice have been operating a drop-in centre since 2008 from the Red Deer Centre in East Kilbride. In the coming months this service will be transferred over to the new hospice facility.
The new hospice also houses a 12-bedroom in-patient unit which will offer specialist palliative care to patients with life limiting illnesses in and around South Lanarkshire.
Now that the hospice has been built, Kilbryde Hospice need your support more than ever to raise the money needed to become a fully operational facility for the people of South Lanarkshire.
If you think you can help Kilbryde Hospice in any way, please contact 01698 717260 or email info@kilbrydehospice.org.uk
 