BOXER Charlie Flynn launched his bid with a tweet to his followers but will the judges give the personality award to the mailman? Sunday Mail Sports Awards 2014: Last chance to honour your heroes as boxer Charlie Flynn throws a late punch - Daily Record THE REFERENDUM may be over but there are other campaigns being waged and this is your last chance to join them.
It’s the final call for nominations for this year’s Scottish Sports Awards, brought to you as ever by the Sunday Mail and sportscotland.
And one man who always knows the bell’s approaching and doesn’t want to be counted out is Scotland’s boxing icon Charlie Flynn .
The gallus golden boy of the Commonwealth Games launched his own bid to land the Sports Personality of the Year award this week when he tweeted the link to our nominations page to his 7000 followers.
He said: “Get behind me here folks, personality award – lets put the mailman up there with the best! Click nominate, then fill it in.”
And as always, he delivered, our mailbox taking an absolute battering! In came the eulogies to one of the biggest stars of the summer – but is wee Chuck the man YOU think should be up there being recognised as Scotland’s best of the best?
 

Should it be one of our star athletes like Eilidh Child or Lynsey Sharp ? The heroes of the pool Daniel Wallace, Ross Murdoch or Hannah Miley? Judoka Euan Burton and Chris Sherrington, curlers Eve Muirhead and David Murdoch?
These are all questions that will need answered by our panel of expert judges when they meet at the end of October, ahead of the biggest awards ceremony on the Scottish sporting calendar, hosted by Sky Sports presenter Jim White, at Glasgow’s Thistle Hotel on December 4.
But there are plenty of other categories and we NEED your nominations.
Who is this year’s Local Hero, your community champion? Which school is top of the class when it comes to sport?
We’ve had a wave of emails in for Livingston Village Primary School this week, for example, whose parents love the work they’re doing for the kids and want the school rewarded.
Does your own school go above and beyond the curriculum to get kids active? Then let’s hear about them.
Did the Ryder Cup eclipse the Commonwealth Games for Event of the Year?
 

This night is as much about putting sport’s unsung heroes on stage as it is our games’ greats. Our volunteers, our amateurs and our grassroots coaches who keep sport’s heart beating in every corner of the country have stood side by side with the likes of Andy Murray, Chris Hoy and Colin Montgomerie in years gone by.
So this is your last chance to tell us about the ones special to you, the ones you think deserve more credit than they ever get. We know there are thousands of dedicated community coaches and big-hearted helpers out there and you can give them the opportunity to share the limelight at our gala awards night alongside our Games heroes.
So take a look at the categories, log on to the website and tell us who YOU think should be earning 2014’s plaudits. But hurry, as nominations close tomorrow.
&nbsp;
To buy tickets for the star-studded ceremony on Thursday, December 4 at the Thistle Hotel in Glasgow or to discuss becoming a sponsor, call 0141 309 1402.
 