GLASVEGAS star PAUL DONOGHUE reckons that science and music have more in common than one might think. Paul Donoghue: Darek Fidyka's first steps after paralysis reminded me of parallels between musicians and scientists - Paul Donoghue - Daily Record THIS week in the news I was amazed to see that surgeons had managed to restore some lower body functions to a man who had his spinal cord severed in a knife attack.
Although this is the very early stages of the procedure, it is probably the biggest advancement in medical science in recent years that I can remember, and has the opportunity to help people who have suffered life-changing injuries.
That is what I think science is truly about, helping people and giving them hope.
When I was at school, I was never really that into science. I did biology and was in a class of thirty girls, so maybe that had something to do with why it almost frightened me! In the last few years though, I have developed a fascination about all facets of science, from astronomy to zoology.
It started for me when I was in Glasgow airport and bought a book to read on a flight to Australia called “The Secret Anarchy of Science” by Michael Brooks, which is about scientists throughout the years who have used unorthodox means to get results or to get their breakthroughs into the public domain.
After reading that book, I realised that there was a lot of one of my favourite human abilities involved, creativity. I think that great scientists and great musicians have a lot more in common than people would think. Both have a very different way of looking at the world to most other people, and that allows them to come up with wonderful songs or amazing breakthroughs in their field.
Although not every scientific endeavour is as obviously helpful to people as the people who helped Darek Fidyka , most achievements will help someone somewhere. This is one of the human qualities that we should all be most proud of, striving to understand and improve the world around us. I look forward to seeing what breakthroughs come up next.
And no, my weekly writing this has nothing to do with the fact that my wife is a biomedical scientist!
 