THE 45-year-old  says Derek Mitchell chased after her and grabbed her by the throat, lifted her off the ground and bit her face in December 2009 at Mitchell Lane car park in Glasgow city centre. Suzie McGuire was bitten on the face by her husband after Christmas shopping in a drunken attack - Daily Record FORMER Radio Clyde DJ Suzie McGuire was bitten on the face by her husband on Christmas in a drunken attack after she had spent the day buying his gifts, a court heard today.
The 45-year-old told Paisley Sheriff Court Derek Mitchell chased after her and grabbed her by the throat, lifted her off the ground and bit her face in December 2009 at Mitchell Lane car park in Glasgow city centre.
She said that months later, just before she found out she was pregnant with their first child, he slashed the roof on her car.
Miss McGuire also told the court of him having a &quot;Jekyll and Hyde character&quot; and of their on-off relationship in 2009 and 2010 before they got married.
The mum-of-four gave evidence from behind screens at Mitchell's trial.

Procurator fiscal depute Amanda Gallagher asked how the relationship was in the beginning and she said she was &quot;flattered&quot; and thought Mitchell was &quot;prince charming&quot;.
She told the jury: &quot;It started off very nicely, he gave me a lot of reassurance he wanted a family and basically all I wanted was to have a family.
Miss McGuire said that unfortunately when she was pregnant he turned into a character she &quot;couldn't predict&quot;.
She described an incident on Christmas Eve 2009 when they had gone shopping, separately, and after meeting up again he was &quot;very drunk&quot; and attacked her.
The fomer DJ said they met friends in Princes Square in Glasgow. She told how an argument broke out and she walked away but Mitchell chased after her down Mitchell Lane.
In her evidence she told the jury: &quot;He said 'You're not going effing anywhere before I get my presents'. He tried to take the presents off me, grabbed me by the throat and lifted me up off my feet and bit my face.&quot;
Asked if he said anything, Miss McGuire replied: &quot;He said 'I know where your car is parked I'm going to slash your tyres'.&quot;
Miss McGuire described running up the stairs of the car park and getting into her car and phoning the friend who had been with them and meeting her nearby while &quot;in floods of tears&quot;.
The court heard she telephoned Mitchell's dad, Robert, and told him of the alleged attack for which he apologised.
She said: &quot;I felt dreadful I had to go with that news on Christmas eve, it wasn't particularly pleasant for them to hear. He didn't seem at all surprised.&quot;
It was heard that she called the police and reported what happened.
The jury heard of another alleged incident involving Mitchell slashing Miss McGuire's tyres and roof of her car and posting &quot;vile notes&quot; through her door around April 2010.
She said he later phoned her from the doctor's surgery claiming he would end his life if she didn't give him another chance.
She told the court: &quot;He said he was going to kill himself if I didn't forgive him, he had nothing to life for, he knows he has a problem.&quot; Miss Gallagher asked: &quot;Did he give you an explanation why had behaved that way?&quot;
The witness replied that an article in The News of the World newspaper claimed she had a relationship with a footballer. She said: &quot;It just tipped him over the edge.&quot;
Miss McGuire added: &quot;I didn't actually have a relationship with this individual but I was treated as though I had.
&quot;Even if I had we were no longer together, it frightened me, that's when I started to think that I'm not going to get this violent individual out of my life.&quot;
The court heard Mitchell was &quot;clever&quot; and &quot;manipulative&quot; and told her on a daily basis that she was old, fat and ugly.
She claimed he told her nobody else would have her and &quot;eventually she started to believe it&quot;.
Miss McGuire claimed he &quot;berated her&quot; for being unable to breast feed one of her children.
She told the jury: &quot;That's the embarrassing thing, I went back to that. I will never ever forgive myself for putting my children through that.&quot;
The trial before sheriff Susan Sinclair continues.
 