GORDON MATHESON writes on his friend Johann Lamont's departure as leader of the Scottish Labour Party. Gordon Matheson: I'm proud to call ex-Scottish Labour leader Johann Lamont my friend - nobody can doubt her integrity - Gordon Matheson - Daily Record ON Friday Johann Lamont MSP announced that she was standing down as leader of the Scottish Labour Party after three years in the job. Johann is someone I've been proud to call my friend as well as my political boss.
Johann took over the leadership at a difficult time for the party, just after Labour lost the Scottish Parliament election in 2011. But despite the many challenges she faced, Johann led Labour to significant victories in the 2012 council elections, and many by-elections.
She also played an important role in the difficult and at times divisive referendum campaign, which resulted in a clear 400,000 majority for No.
One thing that nobody can doubt is Johann’s integrity. In the wake of her departure even Johann's political opponents have been quick to respect her intelligence and her unwavering commitment to tackling inequality.
I wish her the very best as she steps back from frontline politics and I look forward to working alongside her as she continues to serve her Pollok constituents and the Labour Party that she loves.&nbsp;
&nbsp;
AN unholy row has broken out over plans to charge people to visit Glasgow Cathedral. The Kirk Session opposes the plans and so do I. Indeed, there is an online petition which can be signed at Glasgow Cathedral's website calling on Historic Scotland and Scottish Government ministers, who are responsible for the fabric of the building, to abandon the planned charges.
It is difficult to overstate the importance of Glasgow Cathedral to our city. For more than 800 years it has been at our spiritual heart. Our city's founder and patron, St Mungo, is buried in the cathedral. Glasgow University emerged out of the cathedral in 1451. Long before there were the kinds of public services we nowadays perhaps take for granted, the cathedral provided material support, education and administrative and civic order for the wider city as a whole.
Today it remains a renowned and active community of Christian worship. It is also used by tens of thousands of visitors, of all faiths and none, who regard it as a welcoming place of peace and reflection in a bustling city, including many patients, staff and visitors from the Royal Infirmary.
I can understand why charging is considered a means of raising revenue but I ask Historic Scotland and the Scottish Government to think again in this case. There's nothing to be ashamed of in changing your mind and admitting you've made a mistake. All of the museums and art galleries owned by Glasgow City Council are free to enter. Glasgow Cathedral should remain so too.
&nbsp;
I WAS delighted to last week join the Deputy Lord Provost, Bailie Gerry Leonard, and colleagues from across the Labour and Trade Union family at the unveiling of the International Workers' Memorial Day monument to those who have been killed or injured at work.
The dedication of the monument next to the People's Palace on Glasgow Green took place on the 40th anniversary of the introduction by Harold Wilson's Labour government of the Health and Safety at Work Act.
While this piece of legislation has saved countless lives, there are still too many individuals and families whose lives have been devastated by avoidable workplace accidents.
I would like to pay tribute to the efforts of the families of accident victims, trade union colleagues, and all those who work and campaign to keep us safe in the workplace and who look after the interests of accident victims and their loved ones.
 