SHARP had been on a drip to combat sickness hours before the 800 metres final on August 1 and was given a lift by her father's old Scotland partner, Wells. How track legend Allan Wells gave Lynsey Sharp the perfect 'pic' me up ahead of her battling Commonwealth Games silver triumph - Daily Record  ALLAN WELLS inspired Lynsey Sharp to win Commonwealth silver by gifting her a special picture of her dad. 
The photo of Wells and fellow track ace Cameron proudly wearing Scotland team vests was snapped more than three decades ago.
 And it helped lift the spirit of brave Sharp, who had been on a drip to combat sickness hours before the 800 metres final on August 1. 
 But roared on by the Hampden crowd she produced a storming last 100m to finish behind Kenyan world champion Eunice Sum. 
 Dad Cameron Sharp partnered Wells to Commonwealth gold in the 4x100 relay at the Edmonton Games in 1978 and won a string of track honours before tragically being left disabled after a car accident in 1991. 
And former Olympic sprint king Wells said: “Lynsey stepped up big time at the Glasgow Games.
 

“I was a bit emotional about it all that night at Hampden because there is a real tie there between me and her father.
“A few days before her final I gave her a special photograph and I was hoping it might help motivate her a little bit more.
“I hoped it would give her a wee bit of confidence and an edge. It was a sincere gesture.
“I knew Cameron as an athlete very well, I didn’t know him so well as a person. You do know the people you are running with and against. He was a solid character. Lynsey does have the competitive streak running right through her, absolutely. You can see that in her running.
“The home crowd helped also. You need to have ability and you have to be able to bring it out in your performance.
“Then you need to deal with the pressure of running for Scotland in a home Games and she dealt with all those aspects.
“Add in the fact she had a lot of problems for 24 to 12 hours before and it really was extraordinary. I cannot figure out quite how she did it.”
Sharp followed up her Hampden heroics by winning silver at the European  Championships in Zurich a fortnight later.
She has also beaten Diamond League winner Sum twice since Glasgow and her 1.58.80 run in Switzerland broke Susan Scott’s eight-year-old Scottish 800 record.
 The story of Sharp’s success features in the latest edition of PB magazine which is issued quarterly to 10,000 members of scottishathletics and includes a review of Scotland’s best track and field medal haul at the Commonwealth Games since 1994. 
 