Commonwealth Games gold medallist Ross Murdoch is among the 80-plus sportsmen and women selected for Stirling University's prestigious International Sports Scholarship Programme. Stirling University attracts top sportsmen and women to scholarship programme - Daily Record Commonwealth athletes and world amateur level golfers are amongst more than 80 Stirling University students selected for its prestigious sports scholarship programme.
The university’s International Sports Scholarship Programme was first established in 1981 and has supported hundreds of student athletes including current European Tour golfer Richie Ramsay and ATP Tour tennis player Colin Fleming.
The 2014-15 roster includes returning Commonwealth swimming champion Ross Murdoch and world U23 triathlon silver medallist Marc Austin.
Amongst the new recruits is swimmer Craig Benson, who competed at the London 2012 Olympic Games aged just 18 and finished fourth in the 100m breaststroke final at Glasgow 2014, just behind Murdoch.
He said: “There are obviously lots of world class athletes within the swimming programme. That, combined with the fact there is world-class coaching and support all in the one place, made the decision easy for me to come to Stirling. I’m aiming for the Rio 2016 Olympic Games and qualification starts next season so alongside my studies that will be my main focus.”
Also starting at Stirling is postgraduate sport management student Marco Iten, one of four Stirling golfers ranked inside the top 100 in the world in the men’s amateur game. The Swiss international made the move to Stirling after talking to his friend and team-mate Mathias Eggenberger and golf coach Dean Robertson.
“Mathias has made substantial improvements in his game during his time in Stirling,” said Marco, who enjoyed several collegiate competition wins whilst previously studying in the USA. “And after speaking to coach Dean Robertson about the programme I knew that it would be a great opportunity for me.”
Graduates of the programme in the summer were 2013 Scottish Amateur golf champion Zander Culverwell and swimmer Eloise Barber, who achieved a first class honours in sport science.
Sports performance manager Raleigh Gowrie said: “The quality of the applicants for the International Sports Scholarship Programme continues to impress and I am sure the students will receive the best possible support as they work towards their sporting goals.
“It is not just on the pitch or in the pool where we see the results; the programme produces a high calibre of highly employable graduates.”
 