MY mother has a sketch book of line drawings and watercolours that were drawn in 1914 by a soldier named James McLean. A sad legacy of a lost hero MY mother has a sketch book of line drawings and watercolours that were drawn in 1914 by a soldier named James McLean.We know nothing about Mr McLean other than that he was a friend of my great-great uncle, John Gartshore Stark, and the pair served together in the Cameron Highlanders.A photograph shows them in their kilts following the Battle of Loos with 'Heroes of Loos' written across the front.The book begins in 1913 with watercolours of beautiful women and cartoons of high society.But James took his sketch book to the trenches and, by 1914, drawings show soldiers in their Highland dress.There is a self-portrait, not quite finished, that shows James sitting in his dug-out.At the close of the war, Mr McLean came to Coatbridge to visit John's family and kept in touch with his three sisters and brother, my great-great-grandfather.To one, my Aunt Jenny, he gifted the sketch book.I always felt I knew more about Mr McLean than I did about Uncle John until recently my mother showed me four small newspaper clippings from our sister paper, The Herald.Together they tell the story of my uncle and, I imagine, a story similar to thousands of other young men like him.Here they are, in full:WOUNDED ANDTAKEN PRISONERPrivate John Stark, Cameron Highlanders, younger son of Mr William Stark, permanent way inspector, Beechwood, was wounded in five places in the lower part of his body on 1st August, and taken prisoner by the Germans.He is 24 years of age, and enlisted in September, 1914. Private Stark has been at the front for over two years, and took part in the great battle of Loos in September, 1915.In a letter received by his parents this week he says he is getting on all right, although he is still suffering pain. Before he joined the Army Private Stark was employed in the engineering department of the N.B. Railway at Glasgow.PRISONER OF WAR EXCHANGERepresentations are being made to the Secretary of the War Office to have Private John G. Stark, 6th Camerons, exchanged as a prisoner of war, on account of the severity of his wounds.Hopes are entertained that this may be accomplished ere long. The German doctors declare that an operation of a serious nature is necessary.It is our earnest wish that our young brother will soon find a way home. Nothing will be left undone to reach such an end.DEATH ON SERVICESTARK - At Reserve-Lazarett, Bergkaserne, Munster, Germany, on the 23rd January (as a prisoner of war), from wounds received in action on 1st August, 1917, Private John G. Stark, 6th Cameron Highlanders, younger son of Wm. Stark, Park Street, Coatbridge.DEATH NOTICEJANUARY 23rd - At Reserve-Lazarett, Bergkaserne, Munster, Germany, Private John G. Stark, 6th Cameron Highlanders, Prisoner of War.Word was sent on 13th March that our young brother had passed away from wounds received in action on the 1st of August, 1917.His wounds were of the most serious nature, and the marvel is that he survived so long under them.Attempts were being made to get him exchanged, and so brought into touch with the sympathetic skill of our own land, but these attempts were not successfully completed when he passed away.Our young brother was a good son, a young man of worthy character, and a brave and unflinching soldier.His death, after such a long struggle, is greatly mourned by his sorrowing parents and brother and sisters. May sympathy abound to them in this dark hour, the darkest in the history of the world.Private Stark was 24 years of age. 