Australians send over special parcel to the Royal Burgh Rutherglen's links with Rutherglen are revived! - Daily Record An historic link between Rutherglen and its namesake in Australia is set to be revived.
In recent months various connections between Rutherglen in South Lanarkshire, and Rutherglen, in Victoria, have come to light, stretching back to World War II.
And now people from Rutherglen in Indigo Shire are sending a special parcel to our Rutherglen, through Provost Eileen Logan.
Indigo Shire’s Councillor Roberta Horne, who lives in Rutherglen, said: “It has been quite an interesting journey of discovery about the links between our two towns. In the early days of settlement Rutherglen was known as Barkly.
“That was until a Scotsman by the name of John Wallace earned the right to name the township after shouting a drink for everyone at a local public house. He named it Rutherglen, after his hometown.
“With Rutherglen’s trap shooter Gaye Shale preparing for the Commonwealth Games, which were held in Glasgow in July, the connections between our two towns&nbsp; gained momentum.
“Various people, some of whom attended the Games, reconnected with family in Rutherglen, Scotland. This led to so many conversations where other people remembered their own connections with Scotland’s Rutherglen.
“Another strong connection with Rutherglen in Scotland came about during WWII when the students and families of Rutherglen Primary School sent food parcels to their counterparts in Rutherglen in Glasgow.
“Now, to co-ordinate with the recognition of the 100 year anniversary of World War One in both countries, our tourism organisation, Destination Rutherglen has gathered a selection of gourmet products from Indigo Shire producers for another food parcel to go to Rutherglen in Scotland.
“The parcel contains jams, pickles, Christmas pudding, cakes and oils from local producers and is going to the Provost of South Lanarkshire Council and she has offered to find a suitable recipient.”
Australia’s Rutherglen resident Ian Stones has just returned from a visit to our Rutherglen. He retired as Rutherglen’s postmaster in 1997 after 50 years with Australia Post in different locations. He handed the modern-day food parcel to current Post Office licensee Karen Larson at the Aussie Rutherglen Post Office.
Councillor Horne said that one of their local chefs, Stewart Gilchrist and his wife Marion&nbsp; still have family in Glasgow. The pair operate the Pickled Sisters Restaurant in Wahgunyah.
Councillor Horne also has a direct connection with Rutherglen, Scotland, as South Lanarkshire Council contacted her in recent times after seeing Rutherglen’s online community newsletter Talk of the Town, which she operated from 2005 until 2008.
Last year, the Rotary Club of Rutherglen received a visit from their counterparts down under, who shared a slideshow of their town.
 