The elderly resident said she felt ‘disgusted’ and ‘abandoned’ by North Ayrshire Council after their £150,007 spend on Queens Baton Relay events. Sheltered housing resident slams council's Commonwealth Games spending - Daily Record A sheltered housing resident has hit out at council chiefs over their Queens Baton Relay spending.
The elderly resident of Kilwinning’s Robert Service court feels the council’s &pound;150,007 spend on the Commonwealth Games events could have been better spent elsewhere.
The pensioner, who asked to remain anonymous, said she felt ‘disgusted’ and ‘abandoned’ by North Ayrshire Council following our recent story about the spending.
North Ayrshire Council had the second highest bill in Scotland and came behind the host city Glasgow for costs related to the Commonwealth Games celebrations in July.
A spokeswoman for North Ayrshire Council that a sheltered housing improvement schedule was under development.
She said: “Where I stay is run-down and neglected, and the money the council have shamelessly spent on those events is ridiculous.
“I don’t begrudge a respectable amount being spent but the costs incurred were far too high.
“Plenty of other sheltered housing developments are getting revamped and modernised and we’ve been left here. We feel forgotten about.
A total of &pound;94,815 was spent on ‘entertainment/infrastructure/tech support’ - a sum brought about through a tendering process.
Further costs of &pound;26,237 went to ‘publicity, photography and route dressing’ – &pound;14, 838 of which was spent on “flag spikes and banners etc”, and &pound;3,120 on photography.
The resident added: “You see places like Kiln Court getting demolished and replaced and it wouldn’t be fair to leave us in a similar state.
“The council has offered me a move to somewhere else but I’ve already spent a lot of money moving to Robert Service Court.
“You see other place like Hawthorne Court and Friars Lawn in Kilwinning having work done to update their premises and we’re having nothing done.
A spokeswoman for North Ayrshire Council said: “In recognition that some of our sheltered housing stock requires modernisation, we are currently developing proposals for a ‘Sheltered Housing Improvement Schedule’.
“The schedule will be based on an assessment of each complex, considering the condition of both tenants’ homes and common areas, the available amenities and the ease of access for our residents.
“This will allow us to plan improvements in a transparent and fair way, and in a manner which targets those complexes most in need of modernisation first.
“The proposals should be finalised later this year, and, if approved by the Council’s Cabinet, the improvement programmes will commence during the financial year 2015/16.”
 