GLASGOW NOW gives you the top things to do in the city and news you can use for the day ahead. Five tips from the Glasgow Now newsdesk for October 29 - dinosaurs, ghosts and the Victoria Cross - Daily Record  1. Dinosaur Expert I’m Feeling Lucky 
Glasgow artist Gregor Wright is showing the final days of his exhibition at the CCA in Sauchiehall Street this week before it wraps up on November 2.
His interest in science fiction, early computer games, gambling culture, and “a passing interest in the occult”, has led to experimenting with colour, objects, painting, sculpture and much more. It can be entirely abstract but in this show focuses on “luck” - chance and control in art. The show includes life-sized foam figures, clay sculptures, dinosaurs, wall drawings, sculptural paintings and rubble; a prolific output of works exploring extinction, destruction, perception and intention.
The free exhibit is open from 11am to 6pm every day this week and 12noon to 6pm on Sunday.
&nbsp;
 2. Lord Provost to unveil restored war memorial 
Councillor Sadie Docherty, Lord Provost of Glasgow will unveil the restored war memorial dedicated to Gorbals man James Stokes on Wednesday.
Private Stokes was awarded the Victoria Cross posthumously in March 1945 for single handedly storming two German machine gun posts.
The memorial, in the Gorbals Rose Garden in Old Rutherglen Road, was created in 2005 by the Gorbals Art Project, but vandalised and the bronze rose stolen in June 2012.
Pupils from St Francis and Blackfriars Primaries will be part of the service, which starts from 1.15pm.
 

 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
3. Crocodile protest 
Members of the GMB union have said they will protest on Wednesday morning outside the offices of Balfour Beatty in Hillington Park over the blacklisting of 489 construction workers.
The union said this was the fifth date in a “national crocodile tears” tour against 63 industry managers who have yet to “apologise for their actions”.
They added that a person in a crocodile suit will accompany the union members with flags and banners.
Blacklisting was revealed after an Information Commissioner’s Office investigation in 2008-2009 that found thousands of individuals branded a risk to their employers if hired in the construction industry.
Glasgow Now has asked Balfour Beatty for comment.
&nbsp;
 4. Theatre Royal Ghost Tours 
An empty theatre would usually be sign of a bad show, but in the Theatre Royal from this week, it means something spooky is going on.
The ghost tours, back by popular demand, follow stage performances of Dangerous Corner, Black Coffee and Top Hat with scary tales of the building’s history and those who have been inside it.
Tours last about 45 minutes and are strictly for those aged 18 and over. They run tonight, October 29, 30 and 31 after Dangerous Corner, November 2, 4, 5, 6 and 7 after Black Coffee, and December 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 after Top Hat. Tickets are &pound;12 plus a booking fee.
&nbsp;
And finally,
&nbsp;
 5. Toy exchange 
From Halloween to the holiday that it’s still too early to say by name, Argos and Barnardo’s are currently running the third annual toy exchange. Argos customers are invited to recycle their loved and pre-owned toys in return for a &pound;5 voucher towards new toys, to be redeemed at the store by December 24.
Donations can be taken to Argos and Barnardo’s Scotland stores in Glasgow until November 24. All donated toys will be taken to Barnardo’s retail outlets in the local area to raise funds for the charity’s local services. Toys donated in Scotland last year raised around &pound;180,000 for the charity.
 