GRANDAD Jim Brownlee hit the gym after being selected as a Games volunteer, losing 40lbs at the extra classes laid on by Glasgow fitness centres, but has hit out after the sessions were pulled at 27 gyms. Commonwealth Games inspired volunteer to lose 40lbs and join a gym but gym fan now questions Legacy commitment to fitness - Daily Record A GRANDAD who lost 3st after being inspired by the Glasgow Commonwealth Games has condemned council bosses for axing fitness classes.
Jim Brownlee tipped the scales at 18st before hitting the gym after being selected as a Games volunteer.
The 68-year-old shed the pounds at some of the 200 extra classes laid on at Glasgow City Council-owned leisure centres in the build-up to the event.
Bosses introduced the extra sessions as part of their plans to create a sporting legacy from Glasgow 2014.
 

Now they’ve axed classes at 27 Glasgow Club premises less than three months after the closing ceremony. The clubs are run by Glasgow Life on behalf of the council.
Jim, of the city’s Blairdardie, said: “After I found out I was going to be a driver at the Games, I thought, ‘I’m going to have to lose some weight’.
“I joined the Glasgow Club gym in Scotstoun and I’ve lost 40lb.
“I feel great and I’m a lot healthier. I can walk and breathe at the same time.

“That’s the legacy they were talking about – now they’re cutting my Pilates class which sorts out my core muscles so I can get to the gym and do what I do.”
Glasgow Club Scotstoun, Yoker, Whitehill, Maryhill and Pollok all faced cuts. The Emirates Arena in the city’s east end - which hosted the Commonwealth badminton – also lost classes.
Jim added: “If the council held up their hands and said they’ve run out of money, that would be fine. You’d still be upset but you’d understand.
“It’s the way they’ve done it. No one told us they’re making these cuts.

“All they’ve done is say, ‘Look at our amazing new timetable’. That’s where you see your classes are gone.
“It’s crazy when they were coming up with all this stuff about legacy and how they’re going to get people fit.
“It’s as though they’ve said, ‘Right, that’s us finished, let’s leave it at that’. They’re letting hundreds of people down.”
Glasgow Life said: “We revisit our fitness class timetable four times a year to ensure we are meeting demand and providing the classes customers want.”

&nbsp;
 