ROCKER Sharleen Spiteri steals the show as celebrities, including Still Game's Ford Kiernan and Greg Hemphill, praise our inspiring finalists. Sunday Mail Great Scot 2014: All the winners as big night ends on a high note after Texas win our Lifetime Achievement Award - Daily Record ONE of Scotland’s greatest bands, Texas, have been making hits for an incredible 25 years.
Last night, at our Great Scot awards, frontwoman Sharleen Spiteri and the boys’ special anniversary was honoured with our Lifetime Achievement Award.
The band not only picked up their special gong but closed our awards ceremony with a special performance of some of their biggest hits.
Earlier Sharleen, a great supporter of CHAS, had presented our charity award to Scotland’s children’s hospice and the other 16 great causes supported by the Sunday Mail Centenary Fund.
Her band have sold more than 35 million albums worldwide and sell out stadiums in countries across the globe.
Last night Sharleen, 46, said: “It’s hard to believe we’ve been doing what we do for 25 years.
“It seems incredible to me but we’re delighted people still seem to enjoy our music. We certainly still enjoy playing it.
“We know how lucky we are to have managed to spend our lives making music. We have had our ups and down over the years but rollercoasters are more fun than merry-go-rounds.”
She added: “It is amazing to be given this award but the real winners tonight are the unsung heroes. It was extraordinary to hear about so many wonderful people doing so many amazing things for others.
“I look at all the finalists and feel proud of them, even though I don’t know them. It has been a privilege to share the night with them.”

Sharleen was a teenager working for the Irvine Rusk salon when she was invited to audition for the band that would change her life.
Sharleen and fellow founding members Johnny McElhone and Ally McErlaine made their performing debut in March 1988 at the University of Dundee, taking their name from the 1984 Wim Wenders movie Paris, Texas.
The band released their debut album Southside in 1989, along with the debut single I Don’t Want A Lover, which was an international hit, reaching the top 10 in the UK.
This song is still one of their best-known and best-loved hits.
But it was in 1997 that the band shot to international fame with the release of their White On Blonde album, which entered the UK album chart at No1 and became their biggest seller.
They have a host of celebrity fans including Peter Kay, Chris Evans and Alan Rickman, who appeared in one of their videos. Sharleen has just returned from the US where she was recording a new album with Texas that includes reworked versions of some of the band’s classic hits from the last 25 years.
The mum-of-one said: “Our music still excites me greatly and I still love making albums as much as, if not even more than, I did when we first started out. It’s been a great adventure and there is still a lot more to come.”
The award to Texas – presented by DF Concert’s Geoff Ellis, the driving force behind T in the Park – was one of the highlights of the night, where stars of sport, TV, music, business and charity came together to celebrate Scotland’s people’s Oscars.
The fabulous Clydesiders – the 15,000-strong army of volunteers who ensured the 2014 Glasgow Games were the best yet – picked up the Sports Award.
 

Comedy duo Ford Kiernan and Greg Hemphill picked up the Entertainment Award for Still Game – one of the most successful comedies ever to come out of Scotland. The talented pair had the audience in stitches as they accepted their award from old pal Tony Roper.
Jenna Speirs, from Calum’s Cabin, received the Charity Award on behalf of the Sunday Mail Centenary Fund – which is helping to raise funds for 17 of the nation’s greatest causes.
And the Glasgow Film Office picked up the Business Award for bringing more than &pound;87million worth of business to Scotland after enticing Hollywood directors such as Brad Pitt to make their movies in Glasgow.
Sharleen summed up the feelings of the audience after closing the show and hailing our Great Scots. She said: “What amazing people. What an amazing night.”
DAVID HAINES
The aid worker, 44, spent his life helping refugees survive in some of the world’s most dangerous, desperate places.
Before his murder by Islamic State six weeks ago, he worked for agencies setting up camps for the dispossessed in regions ravaged by conflict and natural disaster.
The dad-of-two and former RAF mechanic, who grew up in Perthshire, was kidnapped in Syria in March 2013.
He helped to save hundreds, if not thousands, of people through his work to secure food, clean water and shelter. His life of courage, compassion and commitment to others was honoured posthumously with our highest award last night.
UNSUNG HEROES

GLASGOW FIREFIGHTERS
Standing shoulder to shoulder for more than seven hours, 120 firefighters risked their lives to save one of Scotland's most treasured buildings.
The crews fought to ensure Charles Rennie Mackintosh's School of Art in Glasgow was not totally destroyed by fire on May 23.
The inferno gutted the library, with repairs estimated at &pound;35million, but more than 70 per cent of the artwork and priceless interiors survived.

HEAR OUR VOICE CAMPAIGNERS ELAINE HOLMES and OLIVE MCILROY
Their campaign to give a voice to women left in crippling agony because of mesh implants led all the way to Holyrood and a suspension of the procedures and better warnings for patients.
For Elaine, from Glasgow, and Olive, from Renfrew, it was too late as mesh implants to treat bladder problems caused life–changing injuries. But their campaign to help other victims was the most successful public petition heard in the Scottish Parliament.

BRIAN PROVAN
Brian, 44, from Perth, was hailed a hero after he kicked down the door of a burning flat in Arbroath and saved a disabled woman's life.
The delivery driver rescued Kirsty Adam, 33, and a neighbour before leading everyone else in the block to safety in April.
A body artist later tattooed a Superman logo on the Parcelforce worker's chest.
ALEX &amp; GEORGE SUTHERLAND
For almost a century, one family have carefully tended the graves of the fallen at Ypres. To the Sutherlands, looking after the 10,400 war graves at Belgium's Lijssenthoek Cemetery wasn't a job – it was a labour of love.
World War I veteran Walter, from Inverness, took up the post in 1919 and his son George, 92, and grandson Alex, 68, have spent their lives ensuring the soldiers rest in peace.
MARK KEENAN, 25, Cranhill, Glasgow
The brave IT worker risked his own life to save nine-year-old Broagan McCuaig from two savage American bulldogs.
FRANK ROONEY, 32, Hamilton
Forget Batman or Spider-Man, three-year-old John Paul Rooney’s superhero will always be his dad Frank, who gave him a life-saving kidney.
CALUM MUIR, 45, Whitburn, West Lothian
Calum lost his daughter Nattalie, 21, when she was attacked in December 2010. He now visits schools to plead with children not to carry knives.
WILLIE HENDERSON, 70, Broxburn, West Lothian
Former Scotland and Rangers footballer Willie has helped to raise an astonishing &pound;130,000 for the Michelle Henderson Cervical Cancer Trust,a charity set up by his daughter before she died in 2012.
THERESE GALLI, 84, Port Glasgow, Inverclyde
The retired nurse, who was forced to flee Hungary during World War II, is vice-chairman of the Phoenix Health Project in Greenock, who give emotional support to Inverclyde’s vulnerable adults.
MARNIE &amp; ROSS MACDONALD, both 38, Linlithgow, West Lothian
When their nieces Ashley, 13, Emily, 11, and Sophie, eight, were orphaned in 2011, Marnie and Ross took the girls in and offered them a loving home for life.
LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT
TEXAS
Texas are one of the most successful Scottish bands and this year celebrate an incredible 25 years at the top.
The rockers, led by Sharleen Spiteri, have sold more than 35 million albums worldwide and sell out shows around the world.
The band, from Glasgow, made their performing debut in March 1988 at the University of Dundee, taking their name from the 1984 Wim Wenders movie Paris, Texas.
They are just back from the US, where they have been recording their latest album – a reworking of some of their hits – in studios in New York and Nashville.
ENTERTAINMENT
STILL GAME
For more than a decade, pensioners Jack Jarvis and Victor McDade have been keeping the nation laughing with their gallus banter and slapstick antics.
But BBC Scotland hit Still Game's triumphant 21–show, three–week sell–out of the SSE Hydro in Glasgow last month was enjoyed by an incredible 210,000 fans.
That astonishing run was recognised last night when Greg Hemphill and Ford Kiernan were recognised with our Entertainment Award.
The Still Game duo and their friends and neighbours on the Craiglang estate – all the stars were at the show last night – have become cultural icons in one of Scotland's most popular and beloved sitcoms.
Still Game made its stage debut at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 1997 to an audience that didn't even make double figures.
But the pair's comedy creations have grown into a phenomenal success story. When the show transferred to TV on the BBC, it ran for 44 episodes broadcast over six series, with festive specials, between 2002 and 2007.
Greg and Ford went their separate ways for a while but practically every day someone asked them when they were bringing back Still Game.
The duo seriously underestimated just how much Jack and Victor had been missed.
Their stage version of the series at the Hydro, which starred all the original cast, even blocked U2 from playing the venue. There are not too many people in the world who can say they trumped Bono.
The duo are optimistic the BBC will commission a new series of the show next year.
But Ford insists the show's success is about the fans, not the stars. He said: &quot;The Hydro has been mind–blowing.
Our fans have given us the buzz only pop stars get and, at our age, it's ridiculous. Still Game fans are world–beaters.&quot;
BT CONNECTING COMMUNITIES AWARD

ALAN MICHAEL
For the past 34 years Alan, from Inverness, has made it his life's mission to ensure no one in his community feels isolated or alone. The grandad–offive, 71, has helped hundreds of OAPs by setting up friendship clubs in Invernessshire among many other initiatives.
THE FINALISTS
Alison Brown, 36
Alison, from Tranent, East Lothian, set up Superstar Sports Club in Musselburgh for disabled children after her son Ethan, six, was diagnosed with severe brittle bone disease.
Margaret Miller, 104
Margaret, from Springboig, Glasgow, has served her community for more than 75 years and is the longest–serving volunteer with the Royal Voluntary Service.
Montrose Air Station Heritage Centre
The museum's history is kept alive by 30 volunteers ranging in age from 16 to 79.
CHARITY
OUR CENTENARY FUND'S 17 CHARITIES
The Fund was launched in 2012 to help 17 of Scotland's top charities continue to do their vital and amazing work in their communities.
That work ranges from helping and protecting vulnerable children to funding crucial medical research and equipment, from offering lifeline breaks to families coping with terrible illness to residential care for our brave veterans.
To date, Sunday Mail readers have helped to raise &pound;300,000 and last night Jenna Speirs from Calum's Cabin – one of the Fund's great causes – picked up the Charity Award on behalf of our super 17.
The 20–year–old and her mum and dad set up Calum's Cabin in memory of Jenna's twin brother, who died in 2007 from a brain tumour, aged just 12.
They now run two holiday homes on the Isle of Bute, where terminally ill children and their families can go and make irreplaceable memories. Jenna said: &quot;We are indebted to the Sunday Mail Centenary Fund for choosing Calum's Cabin to be one of the 17 charities they support. It means so much to us all.&quot;
SPORT
CLYDESIDERS
They were the army of volunteers, the 15,000 men and women who made Glasgow 2014 the best Games ever.
Clad in their red polo shirts and grey trousers, the Clydesiders directed and explained, greeted and consoled, guided and inspired. Above all, they smiled, offering the warmest of welcomes.
Judo gold medallist sisters Kimberley and Louise Renicks and Scotland's youngest medal winner, swimmer Erraid Davies, presented a group of Clydesiders – representing thousands of volunteers who made Glasgow 2014 so special – with their award.
BUSINESS
GLASGOW FILM OFFICE
In the past five years, Glasgow has become one of the UK's top movie locations, bringing in &pound;87million of business.
Thanks to the GFO, who are responsible for promoting the city as the ideal film location, Glasgow is now a favourite with TV and movie producers.
Brad Pitt's zombie movie World War Z was filmed in George Square. This resulted in the directors of Fast &amp; Furious 6 picking Glasgow as the scene for one of their epic car chases.
 