THE Sunday Mail can reveal that a surplus order of handgun and assault rifle bullets was rushed from the United States after bureaucratic delays left them stranded across the Atlantic. Police ordered 40,000 extra bullets for Glasgow's 'friendly' Commonwealth Games - Daily Record POLICE ordered a consignment of 40,000 extra bullets for Glasgow’s Commonwealth Games, the Sunday Mail can reveal.
They had to be rushed from the US after bureaucratic delays left them stranded in the States.
The extra 40,000 rounds of 9mm and 5.56 calibre ammunition for the force’s Glock 17 pistols and Heckler and Koch assault rifles were ordered as part of the huge security operation for the Games.
The specialist cartridges aren’t made in Scotland and Police Scotland usually order from Hampshire-based weapons company GMK.
But when GMK experienced delays, police bosses took emergency measures to get the consignment to the UK to meet the Games deadline.
The size of the rush order is likely to raise new concerns about the deployment of police firearms as the force face heavy criticism for putting armed officers on routine patrol without consultation.
A source said: “Like with the London Olympics, the Commonwealth Games meant there was an increased training requirement with police forces. They had to get familiar with their weapons, with the ammunition.

“Then they have to make sure they’ve got enough. They have to work on a worst-case scenario basis. The police have also got to get the best stuff – there’s no room for error – so there have to be extra checks.
“GMK have had some well-publicised problems with delays on orders from America this year, which is partly down to lots of red tape. It’s been a tough year.
“So, as a last resort, when they hit a snag, they have to pay to rush parts of orders across the Atlantic.”
GMK, a family-run firm in which Beretta have a majority holding, say on their website that they are a leading supplier of ammunition, firearms and related products to the UK police and the MoD.
Managing director Karl Waktare said he couldn’t comment on individual customers but added: “There’s a lot of bureaucracy in the States and, generally, orders come by sea and some carriers are better at dealing with it than others.
“As a supplier, we’ve had supply issues all year – that’s not a secret – as there’s such high demand in America.

“From time to time, we air-freight stuff as opposed to going by sea when it becomes more critical and there are delays.
“That’s what you do when someone’s very keen to get it quickly but it’s a lot more expensive, around three or four times more. “
Years of planning went into Police Scotland’s Commonwealth Games security operation and the force were supported by British Transport Police, prison officers and contract security guards.
More than 2000 Armed Forces personnel were on alert to neutralise any terrorist threat, with Typhoon fighter jets on standby and flying restrictions over venues. Police Scotland said: “We will not discuss specifics due to the operational nature of the information. We won’t discuss operational or procurement restraints.”
Chief Constable Sir Stephen House’s decision to send armed officers on routine patrol has sparked reviews by watchdog bodies the Scottish Police Authority and the HM Inspectorate of Constabulary in Scotland.
 