GLASGOW LIFE insist there are rambling alternatives for city residents but walkers have called for a rethink. Glasgow 2014 health legacy called into question as local walks set for axe by Glasgow Life - Daily Record A RETIRED teacher and her friends were left feeling glum after hearing their favourite walks arranged by Glasgow Life are facing the axe.
Catherine Bergamini has been taking part in the half-day walks leaving from Bellahouston Parks to different parts just outside the city for 15 years and has made many lifelong friends.
But now the walks, arranged by the cultural wing of the council, are being cut as part of a money saving exercise. Many other halfway walks across the city are facing the same fate.
Bergamini said: “One would have thought after the success of the Commonwealth Games and all the talk about legacies, that this initiative would have been built upon and extended. But apparently not.&nbsp;
“It seems that our legacy of the Games is that we are no longer being allowed to experience these healthy and sociable walks under the guidance of trained leaders.
“So all the talk of the legacy of the Games which has been noised abroad and which was going to do so much for the welfare and well-being of the city has been nothing but idle chatter.”
Glasgow Life have suggested alternative walks that are on offer in the community, but Bergamini is not impressed with the alternative.
She said: “Most of these are at the weekends, and you don’t get a guide who’s trained or who knows about the countryside or who knows where to take you.
“We’ve got a leader at the moment and we don’t have to worry about anything.
“Some people who have been bereaved recently, it’s not so great for them to not be able to carry on with these walks with people who know their circumstances.”
Glasgow Life insist there are still plenty of cheap viable options out there for keen ramblers such as Bergamini, when the walks desist on December 12.
A spokesman for Glasgow Life said: “Our priority is to get more people fit and active and we have looked at our walking programme and will target the resources at helping people who may not have walked or exercised before to start their journey toward physical activity.
“We’re actively encouraging those who have enjoyed our half-day and garden walks to consider two options.
“Annual membership of the Ramblers Association costs about the same as a single full-day walk with us and allows people to walk with any of the ramblers groups anywhere in the UK.
“There’s a very popular and active Glasgow Ramblers group in Glasgow.
“We have also offered support from our club development experts who can assist with everything required to help people form their own constituted club and have already successfully helped a group in Castlemilk do this.”
 