THE double-winning Commonwealth medalist has been a regular in the shortlist for several disabled awards in recent years, but his biggest fan believes he could be in the hunt for the biggest prize at this year's glittering awards ceremony. Scottish Sports Awards 2014: Commonwealth star Neil Fachie among the front runners after his glory at the Glasgow 2014 Games - Daily Record IF the Commonwealth Games proved one thing about Para sports, it’s that they’re not about disability – they’re about ability.
And no-one emphasised that more than Neil Fachie, the visually-impaired cyclist who lit up Glasgow’s velodrome in gold with pilot Craig MacLean.
But the 30-year-old’s double  triumph in the tandem 1km time trial and sprint was just the icing on the cake in a year that also saw him take two world titles and two world  records in Mexico.
 Now the big question is whether Neil can make his way back to the podium at the eighth annual Scottish Sports Awards, brought to you by the Sunday Mail and sportscotland. 
He’s been a regular on the shortlist for our disabled award over the years – but mum Linda was in no doubt which category he should be winning this time around when she nominated her ‘Power Monkey’ this week for the Sports Personality of the Year.
She said: “Neil deserves the  recognition this award would bring based purely on his amazing sporting achievements and warm personality.
“Neil’s talent speaks for itself. He made sporting history this year, and not just at the Commonwealth Games.
“At the World Paracycling  Championships in Mexico in April, Neil was piloted by Pete Mitchell and raced to victory in the tandem 1k time trial, smashing his own world record and becoming the first tandem to record a sub one-minute time.
“And a couple of days later they became the first ever tandem to record a sub 10-second time in the flying 200m on their way to that title as well.
“His performance with Craig was  incredible in Glasgow as well, winning their hardest battle with the crowd  raising the roof and pushing them on. Neil is a multiple World, Paralympic and Commonwealth Champion.
 

 “He is a great ambassador for  Scotland and sport, and is a real  gentleman who spends much of his free time speaking to schoolchildren and groups, promoting sport as well as supporting charitable events. 
“He has made many sacrifices to be where he is now and tries to live up to his various nicknames which include The Flying Scotsman – and Power Monkey!”
The inclusion of the para sports in the body of the Games augmented what was already a fantastic fortnight.So do the likes of Neil, Aileen McGlynn and Erraid Davies get your vote?
Do athletes like Eilidh Child and Lynsey Sharp, swimmers such as Ross Murdoch, Dan Wallace and Hannah Miley, our boxers or our bowlers eclipse them?
Or are there others out there you want recognised? There are plenty of categories to nominate in.
Our unsung heroes will also be up there on the same stage, as will our other disabled athletes, our kids, our coaches, our schools…
We know every corner of our country has people who provide communities with sporting opportunities which would otherwise be absent. They’re every bit as important to us as the big names when it comes to recognising Scotland’s sporting culture.
We need you to tell us about all of them, though, and our panel of judges will sort them out ahead of the biggest awards ceremony on the Scottish sporting calendar, hosted by Sky Sports presenter Jim White, at  Glasgow’s Thistle Hotel on December 4. So take a look at the categories, log on to the website and tell us who YOU think deserves to win.
 SCOTTISH SPORTS  PERSONALITY 
For the star doing most to put Scotland on the sporting map.
 Sponsored by sportscotland 
 COACH/MANAGER OF THE YEAR 
Which of Scotland’s inspirational coaches got the most from their team or prot&eacute;g&eacute; in the last year?
 Sponsored by Ladbrokes 
 YOUNG SPORTS  PERSONALITY 
Who is the teen shining brightest? Nominees must be 18 or under.
 Sponsored by Winning Students 
 LOCAL HERO AWARD 
The beating heart of Scotland’s sports. Who is making an invaluable contribution to local sport?
 LOCAL CLUB OF THE YEAR 
For an outstanding amateur sports club that has made a real contribution to everyday life in the community.
 Sponsored by sportscotland 
 DISABILITY SPORTS AWARD 
Who has triumphed over disability to excel in their chosen sport?
 SCHOOL SPORT AWARD 
For the school that does the most to develop the young sporting talent of Scotland.
 TEAM OF THE YEAR 
Which team impressed you most during 2014? This could be your local team who won despite the odds or a professional team who always inspire.
 Sponsored by Emirates 
 SPORTING EVENT OF THE YEAR 
Any event from a football final to a shinty showcase. What event raised the bar in 2014?
 Sponsored by EventScotland 
 INSPIRATIONAL PERFORMANCE 
Who beat the odds to thrill and inspire?
 LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT 
Our judges choose a hero with a legacy of sporting greatness
 BEST INTERNATIONAL PERFORMANCE AWARD 
Chosen by the judges
 EDITOR’S CHOICE AWARD 
 Sponsored by QTS 
 To buy  tickets for the  star-studded  ceremony on Thursday, December 4 at the  Thistle Hotel in Glasgow or to discuss becoming a sponsor, call  0141 309 1433. 
 