SCOTLAND'S Ryder Cup has capped a momentous year for the nation - but it owes much of its success to the hard work of three First Ministers. Here we get the views of Alex Salmond, Henry McLeish and Jack McConnell. Ryder Cup 2014: There can be no better advert for Scotland than glorious Gleneagles, says First Minister Alex Salmond - Daily Record  LABOUR'S Henry McLeish got the ball rolling on this year's Ryder Cup 14 years ago when he led the Scottish Executive. 
 The sport-mad ex-professional footballer reckoned the home of golf deserved to host the prestigious tournament again and put pressure on organisers to commit to the country. 
 His successor Jack McConnell picked up the challenge and did much of the groundwork to make it a success. 
 He brought about the fantastic ClubGolf initiative, which gives schoolkids the opportunity to play, and kick-started new organisations such as EventScotland. 
 The painstaking work that followed was harnessed by an energetic SNP administration headed by Alex Salmond. His government were keen to capitalise on a big year for Scotland with attention focsed on the Commonwealth Games and referendum. 
 Salmond capped off the long journey to hosting the Ryder Cup by celebrating with the European team. 

THE events of the weekend will be remembered for years to come. The Ryder Cup at Gleneagles will be seen by future generations as golf’s best ever tournament.
Huge congratulations must go to the European Team for retaining that famous trophy and rewarding Paul McGinley’s magnificent stewardship with such a convincing win.
He proved himself to be hugely inspirational and a leader among men, and worked tirelessly, not just over the past week but since he was appointed in January last year, to prepare his side for one of the biggest weeks of their lives.
I had the pleasure of watching an enthralling contest between Scotland’s Stephen Gallacher and Phil Mickelson – at one point they were 10 under par between them – and Stephen acquitted himself well in a match which was played in the best traditions of the sport.
The whole of Scotland will now reap the benefits. The eyes of the world have been on the country throughout the summer and we have shown we are world-class when it comes to staging some of the most impressive sporting competitions in recent memory.
 Earlier this summer, Scotland hosted a successful, safe and secure Commonwealth Games that  delivered a lasting legacy for the whole country. 
We aimed to work together with Ryder Cup Europe and the European Tour in the delivery of the best golfing tournament ever – and we accomplished that.
It is clear that these great events are creating a surge of interest in sport in schools, workplaces and homes across the country, and with it a legacy which will resound down the years.
Gleneagles and its magnificent setting showed the world the very best that Scotland has to offer.
 

The event had the finest facilities, the warmest welcome to thousands of people from around the world and – with condolences to our US friends – the best of outcomes.
Each day, 45,000 spectators from 75 countries enjoyed some of the best sporting moments and half a billion homes around the world saw the splendour of the course via TV each day.
There can be no better advert for Scottish tourism. It was predicted that the economic impact of staging the Ryder Cup at Gleneagles will be &pound;100million and I am confident we will reach that figure or indeed exceed it. But the impact is already being felt across Scotland.
Carnoustie has been welcoming around 120 golfers a day – bringing in about &pound;15,000 a day – while Gailes Links in Ayrshire has seen visitor numbers shoot up by almost 75 per cent, the vast majority coming from the US and Europe. And Glasgow Airport has enjoyed a five per cent rise in passenger numbers compared to the same period last year.
The food and drink industry has also scored, with thousands of portions of Scottish smoked salmon and Perthshire strawberries served to Ryder Cup guests, all washed down with Scottish whisky.
Around 260,000 meals were served during the event – that’s more than a quarter of a million opportunities we had to serve up the finest food and drink Scotland has to offer, to players, officials, media and spectators from across the globe.
It was great to see the menus and service areas highlighting the provenance of their quality Scottish ingredients – it is clear a new benchmark has been set for all future events to be held in Scotland.
Both the Ryder Cup and the Commonwealth Games have put Scotland on the map like never before.
We have shown that we can win and host ANY global sporting, business or cultural event.
 But our track record will not end at Gleneagles. Plans are already in place to continue the legacy and next year we’ll host golf’s Open Championship at St Andrews and the Women’s British Open at Turnberry. Added to that, the future of the Aberdeen Asset  Management Scottish Open has been secured and agreement has been reached to support events across the ladies, seniors and satellite tours. 
It is clear Scotland that will be a leading golf event destination for many years to come.
Gleneagles looked absolutely magnificent and I have no doubt that golf fans far and wide will agree this was the best Ryder Cup ever.
I want to thank all those who have contributed in large or small ways to the success of Scotland’s summer of sport. Whether you are a keen fan or an accomplished athlete, an instructor or a volunteer, you have all made Scotland shine this year.
The innovative ClubGolf programme, which has so far introduced more than 350,000 children to golf since 2003, will be given &pound;1million as part of the Ryder Cup legacy.
But the legacy will be much wider than that – it will live on in our sports centres, on golf courses and in swimming pools across the country.
I am absolutely delighted and proud to have been part of such a spectacular event.
Tourism chiefs celebrate &pound;40m 'game changer'

This has been a remarkable year in Scotland and the Ryder Cup was the high point.
It started 14 years ago but what we saw at the weekend was precision programming and a master-class in event planning.
The Scottish Government, VisitScotland and a whole host of other organisations deserve a lot of credit.
I would also want to thank the current First Minister. He’s put a lot of energy into making this a success.
I have no doubt that Scotland now plays a much bigger role on the world stage and walks a lot taller.
When I was First Minister, I was keen to have this distinctive Scottish identity move forward. One way to do this was to get us a big occasion to put on.
We pushed very hard for the Ryder Cup and when we got that commitment it was coming here, I was delighted.
It mustn’t be forgotten that it is the third most important televised sporting event after the World Cup and Olympics.
I’m very proud of my own involvement but this is now all about Team Scotland at its best. We’re now a very different country, we’re now much more confident.
Every Scot should be proud about this – it means a lot for the whole country.
I took over as First Minister a few weeks after Henry McLeish secured the Ryder Cup for Scotland.
I had been a supporter of the bid and was determined to ensure it was a success.
It meant a great deal for Scottish tourism and golf. It was also an opportunity to establish ClubGolf as the central legacy for the future. It is now the biggest and best initiative of its kind in the world.
I’m so proud of the way everyone in Scottish golf and Ryder Cup Europe has made this more than just a hugely successful event, with so many young people benefiting for the future.
 