Comrie Youth Extreme Sports group secures £32,000 from Commonwealth Games Legacy 2014 pot Comrie skate park jumps forward after receiving Commonwealth Games Legacy 2014 funding - Daily Record Plans to create a skate and bike park in Comrie took a major jump forward this week following a significant funding boost.
The proposed development received &pound;32,000 from the Active Places Fund, part of the Commonwealth Games Legacy 2014 programme.
A corner of Laggan Park has been earmarked for the skate and bike park and the project is being supported by Comrie Community Council, Comrie Development Trust and the Laggan Park Committee.
The idea was sparked by local youngsters over seven years ago and they have been working hard to raise the required funds – more than &pound;60,000 – ever since.
Fran Loots, from Comrie Youth Extreme Sports, the group behind the skate park, said: “We are absolutely delighted to be one of the projects in Perth and Kinross to benefit from the funding.
“Our project, and others in the village, have campaigned for a bike and skate park for a long time now.
“Comrie Youth Extreme Sports is keen to make physical activity more accessible to everyone in the area around Comrie and the funding will make a real difference to the local community, and help to provide a lasting legacy from Glasgow 2014.”

Cameron Carstairs (19) is one of the founding members of Comrie Youth Extreme Sports.
He told the Herald: “This is the best news I’ve heard in a long time.
“I was 12 years old when we started this and it’s fantastic that, thanks to this Legacy 2014 funding, all our hard work raising funds will mean we can have a park locally.
“Not only will it keep us fit and active, it also gives young people like me somewhere to go. The legacy it will leave means lots of younger people will get the benefit too and get involved in the bike and skating community – it’s just so fantastic.
“I’m thrilled at the thought of others getting involved in bike and skating activities.”
Andrew Finlayson, chairman of Comrie Community Council, declared: “It’s fantastic. The youngsters have worked hard for a long time and this funding is a real spur to their ambitions.
“We hope this will lead to the realisation of this exciting project for the young people of Comrie.”
The recent &pound;32,000 award needs to be matched by the same amount again to cover all the costs involved in the build.
Fran added: “Half the costs will come from Legacy 2014. We have various funding applications in and have raised money ourselves and will know shortly what the difference is we still have to find.
“I’d like to say thank you to everyone who has supported us so far. We hope to start the build in the spring.”
 