THE ­Paralympic star, who had just won the T12 100m title, ended up watching Jamaica’s new star Kemar Bailey-Cole win on a screen. Scots Commonwealth Games hero Libby Clegg admits she missed men's 100m final..as she was called in for a drugs test - Daily Record GOLDEN girl Libby Clegg was forced to miss seeing the Commonwealth Games’ blue riband race – because she was having a drugs test.
The &shy;Paralympic sprinter, who had just won the T12 100m title, was called into the bowels of Hampden Park for a routine dope test just before the starter’s gun was fired for the men’s 100m race.
Visually impaired Libby, who ran with guide Mikail Huggins, ended up watching Jamaica’s new star Kemar Bailey-Cole win on a screen.
The 24-year-old from &shy;Edinburgh said: “I really wanted to watch the men’s 100m final, which was taking place not long after I won my gold.
“After being on the podium to get my medal, I got the call saying I had to do anti-doping.
“I was gutted and had to watch the final on a TV screen despite the fact it was taking place in the same stadium I was in.”
Libby, who revealed she plans to become an osteopath when she eventually hangs up her running spikes, said she now gets stopped regularly for selfies and autographs since July’s Games.
She added: “People are always really interested in my life away from the track. They ask me things like if I eat chocolate or not.
“Of course I do – I am a normal person and do normal things with my friends, like going to the cinema or out for meals at restaurants. It’s just my job is being an athlete.”
We caught up with Libby yesterday at a coaching event in Glasgow run by Strathmore Water that she attended with fellow gold winner, gymnast Daniel Keatings.
He revealed that he took up gymnastics when it wasn’t possible to get insurance as a little boy to follow dad Robert into kickboxing.
And he said his former sparring partner, Dom Specchio, has gone on to become a champion himself.
He added: “I was supposed to start kickboxing at the same time as the son of my dad’s pal so we could train together, but Dom is now a two-time world champion.
“I will probably take it up once I’m finished with gymnastics, even if it is just for fun.”
 