Former Clyde Valley High pupil described as an "inspiration" Tears as young Wishaw woman died on holiday in Turkey - Daily Record A young Wishaw woman who died suddenly on holiday has been described as an “inspiration” to everyone who met her.
Gemma Kerr, of Raven Wynd, fell ill while on a dream trip to Turkey.
She died at the popular holiday destination of Marmaris on Sunday, September 14.
Hundreds of friends, family and former colleagues at North Lanarkshire Council attended her funeral yesterday (Wednesday) at noon at MacAllister’s Funeral Parlour in Main Street.
The 23-year-old was later laid to rest at Cambusnethan Cemetery.
Gemma is survived by heartbroken parents Stewart, 48, and Alison, 47 and 24-year-old brother Craig.
They were too upset to speak about Gemma’s death when the Wishaw Press called at their home this week.
The popular former Clyde Valley High School pupil had been working as an office assistant in the council’s chief executive office only weeks before her tragic death.
She had only been employed there for about six to nine months but made many friends with a lot of people who she had worked with.
Some colleagues had described her as brilliant and friendly and many were shocked and saddened to learn about her death.
Gavin Whitefield, council chief executive, said: “We were all deeply saddened to hear of Gemma’s passing and our thoughts and prayers are with her family.
“Gemma was on a work placement within the Chief Executive’s office as part of our youth investment programme and was heavily involved in our preparations for the Commonwealth Games. “Gemma was an inspiration to everyone who met her.
“She was always enthusiastic, helpful and professional, and was a wonderful colleague and person.
“Gemma will he hugely missed by all who knew her.”
Gemma was believed to have travelled to Turkey with family and friends.
The Foreign Office said they were aware of the death of a British national in Marmaris on September 14.
A spokesman added: “We are providing consular assistance to the family at this sad time.”
 