HARD work and hands-on management by the SNP's top team is key to successful achievements, believes JOAN. Joan McAlpine: Party is full steam ahead on delivering for Scotland - despite Westminster cutbacks - Joan McAlpine - Daily Record A COUPLE of weeks ago I got chatting to a woman from my home area of Inverclyde.
She was married to a worker at Ferguson’s shipyard in Port Glasgow which was threatened with closure until engineering entrepreneur Jim McColl rode to the rescue.
I don’t know the woman’s political affiliations.
But when I mentioned I was an SNP MSP, there was no holding her back.
“It was Alex Salmond who got Jim McColl to buy the yard. He saved all their jobs, you tell him thanks.”
Of course Mr McColl didn’t become one of our most successful businessmen by making sentimental decisions.
But it was the First Minister who drew his attention to the yard and its potential – the two men share a love of getting things done.
That drama took place this summer. The referendum campaign was in full swing. Yet according to the unionist parties, Scotland was “on pause” then.
Correction – according to the Tory, Labour and Lib Dem anti-SNP alliance, we have been “on pause” since 2011…
Yet at the height of this alleged slo-mo, there was “Eck” busting a gut to save jobs on the Clyde.
And Salmond’s intervention to help Ferguson’s is part of a pattern.
Remember when he and his finance secretary John Swinney were the Mr Fix-Its who knocked heads together to save Grangemouth?
Or when Nicola Sturgeon took Prestwick Airport into public ownership?
She was busy again yesterday – checking the progress of the New Forth Crossing – which is ahead of schedule and under budget.
As I recall, the M74 motorway extension completed by the SNP was also “ahead of schedule and under budget”.
That’s not a phrase generally applied to Westminster government projects.
(Universal Credit anyone?)
In fact, at the last official count, a third of major Whitehall projects had bust their budgets.
Scotland’s government cannot afford to be that careless with the finances.
Our money for capital projects was cut by 26 per cent by the Tories.
Despite this, we will next year see the opening of the Borders railway.
It was not a “paused” Scotland which delivered all these achievements, plus the most successful Commonwealth Games ever.
This government has never been on pause – rather they have never let up.
It was not a paused government that made university completely free for all of Scotland’s students, which Alex Salmond considers his greatest achievement in office.
It was not a paused government that kept paying Education Maintenance Allowance when it was abolished in England. Or made prescriptions free, put another 1000 police on the streets and protected free personal care and concessionary travel for the elderly.
That all takes hard work and very hands-on management.
It’s not easy.
More than 90 per cent of the Scottish Government’s budget is controlled – and duly cut – by Westminster.
And even in areas Scotland doesn’t control, like welfare, the SNP has found money from its depleted funds to help the most vulnerable. Mitigating the effects of London’s bedroom tax meant &pound;50million was found from other budgets.
The anti-SNP alliance just don’t get it.
Far from slowing us down, the referendum focussed Scotland’s government on effective delivery.
The SNP are the party of Scotland with no London bosses pulling the strings.
By proving what can be done by a truly Scottish government working for Scotland, the SNP demonstrate this country’s potential.
It sends a clear message: If we can do these things well, why can’t we do the things that Westminster is messing up?
The vote may have marginally gone to No.
But the case for significant new powers has been made.
And it will continue to be made – with the SNP leading by example in government
So there is no chance of putting on the political brakes any time soon.
Quite the opposite – reach for your seatbelt.
 