AN eager audience of 150 youngsters welcomed 50m breaststroke Commonwealth Games Bronze medallist Corrie Scott to the Dollan Aqua Centre to hear all about her success in the sport Glasgow 2014 medallist Corrie inspires young swimmers with visit to EK Swimming Club - Daily Record Commonwealth Games medallist Corrie Scott went back to her roots last week with a visit to East Kilbride Amateur Swimming Club and told swimmers: “If I can make it, so can you.”
The 21-year-old, from Strathaven, first started swimming at the Dollan Aqua Centre club at the age of seven and after years of hard work and dedication, she was rewarded with a bronze medal in the 50m breaststroke event at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Now one of the world’s top six 50 metre breaststroke swimmers, Corrie has never been one to forget where she came from and she was delighted to meet the current crop of EK swimmers and pass on her advice.
After getting into the pool to help with a joint training session for the youngest development squad swimmers to the club’s current Scottish Youth Squad members, Corrie was then joined by parents, coaches and other members of the club returning from a weekend’s competition in Ayrshire to hear about her inspirational experiences along the road to Glasgow 2014.
The eager audience of over 150 heard that the journey from her first ever race at East Kilbride aged just seven (when she stopped half-way to retrieve her swimming cap from the bottom of the pool!) to the podium at Tollcross, hasn’t always been an easy one.
A recurring theme of her talk was that when things aren’t going right you have to dig in, and, despite all the pain and exhaustion, if you believe in yourself and leave no stone unturned you will succeed in being the best you can.
Corrie told the News: “It was awesome to go back.
“It really hit home that I was one of them a few years ago and now I have a Commonwealth medal, so it’s pretty amazing.
“But what I wanted to show them is that you can achieve your dreams if you work hard enough.
“It’s only a little club, but if you give it your all you can still be a success. If I can make it, they can as well.
“I was never the best swimmer when I was younger and I wouldn’t say I was anything special, but I worked my backside off to get where I am now.
“Up until the age of 11 I was a pretty normal swimmer but I put in the long hours and that’s when things started to change for me.
“And I’m so glad I did that because now I’ve achieved something I’ve always dreamed of.”
After receiving an ovation from the audience, and flowers from the club, she then spent time signing autographs and posing for selfies with the youngsters right up until the Dollan had to close for the night.
Having enjoyed a holiday in Lanzarote with her family, Corrie is now back at Edinburgh University for her fourth year where she is studying for an honours degree in chemistry.
And with the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio on her radar, she knows she has to step up her game.
She revealed: “I’m moving up a distance this year to do the 100m breaststroke and the 200m as well, so it’s going to be a tough couple of years as I work towards the World Championships early next year, the World University Games and beyond.
“I’ve had some time to relax and enjoy my success, but I need to make sure I keep fit and get in the best shape I can be for what lies ahead.”
 