WE chat to the mums of Commonwealth Games star Erraid Davies and Outlander actor Daniel Kerr on why their kids are a success. Fast learners: Mums of Scotland’s young success stories reveal what drove their children to be winners at such a young age - Daily Record Young Scots have been blazing ahead with success in sports and movies at a young age.
We have had Scotland’s youngest Commonwealth Games medal winner Erraid Davies and the country’s youngest Scottish Bafta winner Daniel Kerr – who are both still at school.
Experts say we all develop at different paces but that other youngsters can follow in their footsteps if they just work hard at&nbsp;something that they really enjoy doing.
MARIA CROCE talks to the mums of Scotland’s young success stories about what drove their children to be winners at such a&nbsp;young age.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
DANIEL KERR,14, ACTOR &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
ACTING star Daniel was just 12 when he became the youngest winner of a Scottish Bafta.
He landed the New Talent Award for his role playing the young Paul Ferris in movie The Wee Man and also won the Scottish Variety Award for best new Scottish actor.
Daniel is now 14 and has been working on the new TV series Outlander, which is being tipped as the Scottish Game of Thrones, and children’s TV drama 4 O’Clock Club.
 

He lives with mum Annemarie, 41, a freelance hairdresser and make-up artist, stepdad Iain, 37, a contracts manager, and brother Cameron, nine, in Bearsden, near&nbsp;Glasgow.
Annemarie said: “From an early age it was apparent he was so magically gifted to entertain people. He started off at a local drama workshop and then auditioned for UK Theatre School in Glasgow at about nine.”
After appearing in a few adverts and small roles in films, he was nominated for a Bafta for The Wee Man.
Annemarie said: “At the Baftas, I was just saying to Daniel, ‘You’ve got to be prepared that there’s a possibility you will not win this’. Just to be nominated was phenomenal – but then he won it. We let him see just the parts he was in when he was on screen. He won’t be able to watch the whole film until he’s 18 as it’s very hard-hitting. We have to keep him grounded. But he’s the driving force behind this because this is what he wants to do. We have to get behind him 100 per cent and be behind him if he doesn’t get a part and pick him back up.

“We’ve explained acting is one of the hardest things to be in and he won’t get everything he wants. But if he didn’t have enthusiasm and drive he wouldn’t have achieved so much.
“It has to come from him. It doesn’t work if you try to force a child to do something they don’t want to do.
“It’s a job, so you need to have fun and make sure you really enjoy it but it’s his decision if he really wants to do it. But we’re here to support him 100 per cent.”
In the new series of 4 O’Clock Club, Annemarie even landed a small part, playing Daniel’s mum – but she doesn’t want to be an actress and is in awe of the work her son puts in.
He has a chaperone and tutor on set and his parents are keen that he keeps up with his school work.
“We said to him, ‘If you fall behind with the school work you can’t do it. You’ve got to try even harder than everybody else to make sure you’re on top of everything’.
“Winning the Bafta gave him a bigger platform to step up a wee bit more. Daniel’s ambition is to be a Hollywood actor and winning made his dreams more achievable. He’s determined to keep going.”
 

&nbsp;
ERRAID DAVIES, 13, SWIMMER
ERRAID took up swimming at four to help a hip condition and became Scotland’s youngest Commonwealth Games medal winner at 13.
She lives in Shetland with parents Joyce, 54, and tour guide David, 60, and sisters Vhairi, 16 and Morven, 17.
She trains every day, covering 14&nbsp;hours a week in a pool.
Erraid has Perthes disease, which means her hip crumbles and doesn’t work properly. She was in so much pain walking as a youngster that she spent four years in a wheelchair.
She loved the freedom of being able to move in water and her dedication to swimming helped her win a bronze medal in the women’s 100m&nbsp;breaststroke Para-sport SB9 final this year.
Joyce said: “Water is good for conditions like Perthes and other arthritic-type conditions. It’s not weight bearing so the hip gets the chance to move about without any pain.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

“She started lessons at four and was swimming by five. She found it was something she could do well.
“Being a swimmer and being recognised as being good at some kind of sport was good for her. There was the occasional swimming contest where she would win everything. But it didn’t make up for the fact that she wanted to be the same as other little girls.
“She was a naturally very active child and being in a wheelchair all day was frustrating. She wanted to move around and she loved swimming and had fun.
“She was competing in local swimming competitions at seven and just got better and better.
“We would say to her ‘Everybody is good at different things’. She’s a very driven little girl, I think she’s naturally very competitive.
“Even when she was small she wanted to be faster at swimming.
“She plays tin horn and violin and she’s won competitions. She’s also very good at science and maths.
“I think she would have been a good swimmer but having Perthes has been a major part of what’s happened in her life.
“She still has pain and has to manage that.
“She still can’t run but most of everything else she does&nbsp;normally like any other child.”
Erraid is grounded after winning her medal but it’s been good for her to be recognised for doing well.
Joyce said: “She’s taking it all in her stride and is incredibly happy. Getting a personal best is what she goes for – that’s on a par with winning a medal.
“But winning this is a big boost and she’s got a lot of attention.
“I think Scottish Swimming have had a number of phonecalls from other parents with conditions such cerebral palsy. That would be a great outcome to get other children involved in sport.”
EXPERT: It's not about being a pushy parent.. it's being supportive
In the acting world it’s important for youngsters to develop their skills in a safe environment, says Lizanne Lambie Thomson, principal of Glasgow’s UK Theatre School – where Daniel Kerr trains. She said: “It’s important for us to create the correct safe environment to support young talent and be a positive point of contact with parents.
“Our learning environment has to be enjoyable and rewarding and for the kids to remain stimulated. I always say to the tutors not to underestimate the importance of their role. We’ve got kids’ dreams in the palm of our hands.
“It’s important for parents to let children tap into lots of different things to find what they enjoy and then get behind them.
“We have children here who do it for fun but when you do get a particularly gifted child it’s important we give them support and find out their aims and goals and create a course for them.”
Tony Stanger, talent manager of the Sportscotland Institute of Sport, said youngsters should try lots of different activities to find something they love and then work hard at it.
He said: “It’s important when you’re young to try a range of different things. See the thing you like and, once you find what you really love, don’t worry about how you compare with someone else. Focus on what you need to do to get better. It doesn’t matter what age you produce your success, it’s about continuing to work hard. Understand there will be some tough challenges and setbacks and listen to feedback.
“Parents have a crucial role to play. Young people are still developing, emotionally and psychologically, so it’s not about being a pushy parent, it’s about being supportive.”
 