STEAN KURT KINLEY brought the transport hub to a standstill as he popped the question to his partner Hannah as they concluded a mammoth 400-mile charity walk. Glasgow Central Station adds marriage to destination board as Cancer Research UK fundraiser proposes - Daily Record IT was a case of “next stop, marriage” at Glasgow Central Station as a charity fundraiser popped the question to his beloved.
Stean Kurt Kinley brought commuters to a standstill on Friday as he proposed to girlfriend Hannah Brearley-Jones, 24, seconds after the couple completed a gruelling 400-mile walk to raise cash for Cancer Research UK.
The 29-year-old was overjoyed when Hannah got onboard with tying the knot and revealed that the engagement ring had been burning a hole in his pocket during the 14-day sponsored walk from London’s Euston Station to Glasgow.
Stean said he was thrilled Hannah said yes.
He added: “It’s been an unforgettable way to end an incredible journey filled with so many emotions, pain and even moments of insanity. I couldn’t think of a better way to finish the challenge of a lifetime than by asking Hannah to marry me.
“We wanted to raise &pound;1,000 for Cancer Research UK and we have smashed this target reaching more than &pound;1,800 so thank to everyone who has supported us along the way.”
Hannah of Trentham, Stoke-on-Trent, who is a design assistant at fashion retailer M&amp;Co, which has raised almost &pound;2 million for Cancer Research UK, signed up for the 400-mile walk in memory of her granddad, Gerald Brearley who was 77 when he died from oesophageal cancer in March this year.
Stean of Leyland in Lancashire first came up with the idea of a walk in memory of his granddad,John Henry who was 83 when he died from testicular cancer in May 2013.
Hannah said: “I had no idea Stean planned on proposing. That is a long time to keep a secret - especially when you are with them 24/7.
“Stean and I have seen the devastation and pain that cancer can cause. We have both lost special members of our family to the disease so we were determined to do something big to raise money and help beat cancer sooner.”
The couple were congratulated by scientists from the Cancer Research UK Beatson Institute in Glasgow who came along to&nbsp; meet them at the end of the charity challenge. Cancer Research UK invests more than &pound;34 million in research in Scotland every year.
 

Lisa Adams, Cancer Research UK spokeswoman in Scotland, said: “We are absolutely delighted for Stean and Hannah. This was such a lovely ending to an amazing challenge and Cancer Research UK is so grateful for their support. Thanks to the incredible progress that’s been made in the last 40 years, more people are surviving cancer than ever before.&nbsp; Today, half those diagnosed with cancer survive the disease for at least 10 years. Cancer Research UK’s ambition is to accelerate progress so that three quarters will survive cancer within the next 20 years.”
 You can still donate to Hannah and Stean’s fundraising challenge, by visiting their JustGiving page here . 
 