Edinburgh Airport has reported its "busiest ever" August and the second consecutive month passenger numbers have exceeded one million Scotland's three main airports report August passenger growth Scotland's three main airports report August passenger growth - Daily Record Scotland's three main airports have reported August passenger growth with Edinburgh Airport again breaking 1 million passengers.
Edinburgh, Aberdeen International and Glasgow airports have recorded year-on-year growth of 2.9 per cent, 8.8 per cent and 4.9 per cent respectively.
Edinburgh, Scotland's busiest airport, said 1,065,783 people passed through its terminals last month, which is the second consecutive month passenger numbers have exceeded one million in what was its “busiest ever August”.
The airports growth came largely from international passenger numbers, up 6.4 per cent year-on-year to 637,753.
However, domestic passenger numbers dipped 1.9 per cent to 428,030.
Gordon Dewar, Chief Executive of Edinburgh Airport, said: “We’ve had a record-breaking summer and a bumper August is the icing on the cake.
“Exceeding our 10 million passenger mark and recording two consecutive million months are amazing achievements and I want to thank all passengers who helped us reach these milestones.
“However, it’s important that we continue to focus on providing our passengers with a great airport
experience and work hard to make the rest of 2014 equally successful.”
Meanwhile, Glasgow Airport is reporting a total of 782,000 passengers passed through its terminals in August, up 4.9 per cent on last year and its nineteenth consecutive month of reported year-on-year passenger growth.
Glasgow Airport said the summer period June through August was its “busiest summer in six years” with 2.5 million passengers going through the airport in the period, up 2.8 per cent on last year.
Amanda McMillan, managing director of Glasgow Airport, said: “August was an extremely busy month for the airport and the city.
“We started the month by waving off the thousands of athletes who had descended on the city for the Commonwealth Games which were a resounding success.
“This was quickly followed by events such as the World Pipe Band Championships and the UDO World Street Dance Championships which attracted thousands of visitors to Glasgow.
“Despite the increase in numbers, it was one of our best summers in terms of operational performance with 99.6 per cent of passengers passing through security in less than 10 minutes during the summer months.
“From a route development perspective we continued to strengthen our European network and provide passengers with greater choice with the addition of a number of exciting new destinations including Prague.”
Aberdeen International Airport said 339,656 passenger passed through its terminals in August, up 8.8 per cent on last year.
The airport said domestic passenger numbers rose 5.1 per cent, International numbers rose18.1 per cent and helicopter passengers rose 5.2 per cent.
Aberdeen International said for the 2014 year to date, passenger numbers are up eight per cent on last year and “better than the 2014 forecast”.
Aberdeen International managing director, Carol Benzie, said: “We are delighted to record another month of growth and to see such strong figures being reported for August.
“The summer get-away has really had an impact on our figures this month and we have seen an increasing number of people taking advantage of the opportunities on their doorstep.
“Our range of summer sun destinations is steadily growing and people are really starting to see those opportunities emerge.
“Summer charters are always popular and we are working hard to ensure that the range of destinations can continue to grow.”
 