THE 45-year-old broke down as she told a jury at Paisley Sheriff Court she downed a cocktail of alcohol and pills in a bid to escape Derek Mitchell's continual "beatings". Former Radio Clyde DJ Suzie McGuire tried to kill herself to escape 'life of terror' at hands of her husband, court hears - Daily Record SUZIE McGuire broke down as she revealed she tried to kill herself to escape a “life of terror” at the hands of her husband.
The 45-year-old former radio host sobbed as she told a jury at Paisley Sheriff Court she downed a cocktail of alcohol and pills to get away from Derek Mitchell’s continual “beatings” which had left her “broken.”
Suzie, who was diagnosed as suffering from post natal depression in November 2012, said: “I took 40 paracetamol and a litre of vodka to end my life last April.
“It was an exit route, it wasn’t a cry for help.
“Every day it was like putting a mask on and going to work.”
She said that Mitchell also assaulted her in front of Mike Ashley, Rangers’ latest investor in December 2011.
As she revealed that she had tried to commit suicide trial Sheriff Susan Sinclair asked McGuire – who resigned from her post as Clyde One drive-time host last month – if she wanted to have a break.
But the DJ composed herself and replied: “It’s fine, I’m just emotional.
“I don’t recognise that person any more. I would have left my children without a mother.
“I was subjected to beatings and torture in every way.
“Emotionally, he broke me down, physically, he beat me up and mentally I had absolutely nothing.
“I ended up in a high dependency unit and Intensive Care.
“The doctors told my mum my internal organs had failed and I probably wouldn’t make it.
“I honestly don’t recognise now that person but that’s the person I became living with Derek Mitchell.
“He was just an angry, vicious man.
“I lived in constant fear and terror of what Derek had threatened. I lived a life of terror.”

McGuire said that Mitchell would constantly threaten to ruin her career and said he labelled her “old, fat and ugly” on a daily basis.
She explained: “He threatened to stab me, he threatened me that I would never see my kids again.
“He threatened to ruin my career, he threatened to ruin my reputation.
“He said whether it was next week, next month, next year or in 10 years he would always have his revenge.”
She described herself as “a battered wife” and said she struggled to juggle being a working mum and providing for her family while being abused behind closed doors.
She said: “The four years are just a blur – it’s all welded together.
“I didn’t really tell anyone in the four or five years it was going on for various reasons.
“I didn’t want to embarrass my husband, I had three babies and another one on the way.
“I was under a lot of pressure – it was harder to hide bruises and harder to keep making up excuses.
“After it came out I felt like I could breathe and I could tell everyone, ‘This is what’s happening.’
“People think, ‘Oh she’s on the radio, she must be really confident.’
“But I was a battered wife with four children, I was the sole provider and my mum depended on me.
“I was broken by it.”
Suzie told the court she did not tell anyone about the abuse she was suffering before eventually confiding in Michelle McManus in a car journey to a 60th birthday party they were both working at.
She explained: “I don’t know where but I got some strength from somewhere and I decided enough was enough.
“After my suicide attempt I went to Derek for help and he told me to f*** off.
“He once told me that if anyone ever hit his sister he’d kill them – but he was happy to hit me.
“I just don’t understand what goes on in his head.”
Suzie – who also hosts corporate events and does a lot of charity work – said Mitchell bit and slapped her because Mike Ashley cuddled her at a private members’ club in Glasgow’s Royal Exchange Square in December 2011.
Speaking about the incident, which she said took place following a Cash 4 Kids lunch, she explained: “I know Mike Ashley quite well.
“He gave me a cuddle and said, ‘Well done today, you’ve raised an amazing amount of money.’
“Derek lost it. He slapped me across the face and bit me on the shoulder in front of company, in front of quite a lot of people.
“Mike Ashley was standing right beside me – Derek actually tried to hit him.
“Derek was trying to punch him and at one point threw a punch and missed.
“He said once again I was humiliating him and that he was embarrassed because this guy was giving me a cuddle.”
And she told the nine men and six women of the jury that she was left needing “corrective surgery” to her wedding ring finger after a drunken Mitchell broke it in front of three of her children.
She said he “grabbed” her finger “and bent it back as far as it could go” after he’d spent the 2011 Eaglesham Gala Day drinking with a friend.
She said they began arguing when she refused to give him her car keys because he was in no fit state to drive and it turned violent.
She added: “It immediately turned black and blue and pointed in the wrong direction.
“My finger swelled up so much they had to cut my ring off and operate.”
The mother-of-four said she has been left with a small scar on her finger and cannot bend it properly as a result, and she was left wearing a sling for a while following the operation.
Pictures of Suzie’s blackened and bruised finger were shown to the court, as were shots of her wearing her sling.
She said the fallout from her injury made looking after her children quite difficult, adding: “I really struggled with it, changing nappies, making up feeds and so on.
“It was super agony.”
McGuire said her marriage with the 35-year-old accountant finally came to an end in July last year, on her daughter Daisy’s seventh birthday.
She told Amanda Gallagher, prosecuting, that he was “removed” from their marital home in Glasgow’s Eaglesham area by three police officers and his parents following an incident.
The trial, before Sheriff Susan Sinclair, continues.
 