RUTHANNE Reid nutted a guest and battered others with her zebra-print bag when she lost the rag at the Scottish Hair and Beauty Awards in Glasgow. Beauty chief who headbutted guest at glitzy Glasgow awards bash is claiming £4,000 damages - Daily Record A BEAUTY chief who headbutted a guest at a glitzy awards bash is claiming &pound;4,000 damages from an events firm.
Ruthanne Reid nutted a guest and battered others with her zebra-print bag when she lost the rag at the Scottish Hair and Beauty Awards in Glasgow.
But Reid, who organised the show, has blamed the bust-up on a faulty mic supplied by events boss Andy Griffiths.
Andy, 40, said her claim that her meltdown down was sparked by a dodgy PA system is “absolute nonsense”.
He said: “After paying us and apologising for her behaviour, she turns round and says, ‘I’m suing you and everything is your fault’.

“She is stating the events descended into chaos because our speakers weren’t loud enough and there were problems with microphones.
“We have video evidence so damning if you showed it to any judge in the land they would think she is crazy.
“She would be incredibly stupid to try to walk into a lawyer’s office and justify it.”
Lawyers Yuill and Kyle sent the demand to Andy last week.
In their email, Reid, 57, claims: “From the outset guests at the rear could not hear anything from the stage.
“This resulted in those guests becoming disenfranchised to the extent that, as the night progressed, we had angry scenes and disruptive behaviour.
“Several performers were unable to complete sets and walked off stage in disgust at the lack of sound support.”
She continued: “You were asked to turn the mics back on to complete the raffle, but refused.
“At this point the organisers lost control of the crowd and you know what happened next!”
In June, the Record reported how Reid’s annual awards bash descended into chaos when she went berserk on stage.
She sniped at hecklers and swung her bag at guests before being bundled off stage as audience members jeered.
Video footage also showed the drunk businesswoman, of Paisley, headbutting family friend Lisa Guit, 35.
 
The event at Glasgow’s Thistle Hotel was attended by more than 800 guests from the beauty industry across Scotland, as well as celebrities Mark Wright of TOWIE and former Coronation Street star Michelle Keegan.
At the time Reid apologised and said she would resign from her online booking company I Need An Appointment.
Reid’s firm called the dispute with Andy a “private matter” adding, “We are trying to resolve, without taking legal action.”
 