Luke Quinn knocked victim Simon Richardson to the ground and stamped on him as he lay defenceless Brute boasted of savage street attack - Daily Record A brutal thug who launched an unprovoked attack on a Paisley man and left him dying in the street was yesterday convicted of murder.
Martial arts fan Luke Quinn knocked 45-year-old victim Simon Richardson to the ground and then stamped on him as he lay there defenceless.
Mr Richardson had been enjoying a night out with friends when he was attacked by Quinn, who was a complete stranger.
He died from massive internal bleeding caused by being stamped on the abdomen.
Telesales worker Quinn, 33, denied murder and claimed he was suffering from diminished responsibility, due to Aspergers Syndrome.
However, a jury at the High Court in Glasgow found him guilty after a trial which lasted for one week.
Judge Bill Dunlop QC deferred sentence on Quinn, who originally comes from South Africa, until next month, so background reports can be prepared.
Advocate depute Allan Nicol, prosecuting, told the court Quinn had been deported to the UK from Auckland, New Zealand, after committing a sex offence.
Mr Richardson, who was a keen St Mirren fan, had been on a night out in Glasgow in November last year when his life was cruelly cut short.
The court heard he was looking for a taxi when he encountered Quinn in Wellington Street.
Footage from a CCTV camera showed that, initially, the two men were chatting away.
However, Quinn suddenly lashed out at his victim, punching Mr Richardson to the ground.
Quinn was then seen stamping on him, rifling through his pockets and stamping and punching him again.
Hours later, he sent a text to his Taekwondo instructor, boasting about what he had done.
In the chilling message, Quinn said: “I did a two-strike combo. I was so relaxed. They took him away in an ambulance, convulsing, eyes open, body shaking.”
When he was later detained by officers and charged with murder, he became upset and asked them: “Why is God doing this to me?”
Quinn, of Busby, East Renfrewshire, did not give evidence during the trial but told a psychologist he had snapped because he didn’t like being touched and Mr Richardson had patted him on the back when he spoke to him.
The court heard Mr Richardson, of Greenock Road, Paisley, was a carer for his mother and rarely went out to socialise.
His mum died six weeks after him, on Christmas Day in 2013.
 