A 43-year-old Dumfries man is lucky to be alive after crashing his bike at 40mph near Glenkiln reservoir. Crash helmet saves life of Dumfries cyclist after he crashes into drystane dyke - Daily Record A Dumfries cyclist who ploughed head first into a drystane dyke at 40 miles an hour reckons his helmet saved his life.
Ricky Henderson flew over the handlebars and hit the wall so hard, the helmet split down the middle.
He was left lying on the road, unconscious, and couldn’t feel anything when he came to.
Eventually the 43-year-old was found by passing motorists who raised the alarm.
He was treated by paramedics before being rushed to Dumfries Infirmary and on to Scotland’s only spinal unit at Glasgow’s Southern General a day later.
Ricky is still there and making steady progress but he has reduced mobility and sensation in his left hand, arm and fingers.
Yesterday the father of one recalled the terrifying incident that happened a couple of weeks ago near Glenkiln reservoir.
He said: “I hit the back brakes but I was on gravel so they didn’t really work.
“So I used the front brakes and they worked too well. The bike stopped dead – I didn’t.
“I hit my head right off the dyke and my helmet took all of the impact and split right down the middle.
“I was lying on the ground and fell unconscious for a couple of seconds.
“I woke up and couldn’t feel anything. I was lying there for 10 minutes. It was really scary. I can remember almost everything while I was lying there.
“The paramedics arrived and one said ‘Thanks for wearing your helmet. It’s just saved your life’.
“I was lucky to have two cars go past on such a quiet road.
“I was lucky to be looked after by a great team at DGRI and here in Glasgow and I’m lucky to have such a great group of friends and family.
“And I’m lucky I was wearing a helmet, which saved my life.
“I could’ve been paralysed. I see people in here who will never be as lucky as I have and it’s down to my helmet – I can’t stress it enough.”
However, the accident has not put Ricky off. He added: “There were some dark days but the staff here motivate me.
“I’ll be back on that road but I don’t know when. I’ll just not go as fast at that part next time.”
The staff nurse has been overwhelmed with good wishes.
He said: “I was blown away by the support. They helped me find strength to carry on and I want to thank them.
“People need to realise my helmet saved my life. Since my accident some of my pals who haven’t worn them have bought them. It’s not worth the risk.”
 