GLASGOW and Scotland need control over Air Passenger Duty, says MSP HUMZA YOUSAF. Humza Yousaf: Glasgow needs Air Passenger Duty powers as Smith Commission on devolution continues negotiations - Humza Yousaf - Daily Record AS discussions over further powers for Scotland continue, I was pleased to see that this week Scotland’s three main airports made a joint submission to the Smith Commission calling for Air Passenger Duty (APD) to be devolved to the Scottish Parliament before next year’s General Election.
The heads of Glasgow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen Airports have outlined the benefits that devolution of powers over APD would bring to Scotland. These powers would allow Scotland to reduce APD, encouraging more direct travel to and from Scotland and boosting our tourism industry.
Analysis shows that Scotland is missing out on 2 million passengers as a result of APD, as airlines are not choosing to operate here due to the higher costs. A cut to APD could attract more airlines and passengers. Glasgow Airport already flies to more than 100 destinations across the world, from Dubai and Toronto, to Las Vegas and Cancun. Just imagine the opportunities a cut in APD would bring for tourists, families and businesses in Glasgow.
I hope that this common sense submission by industry experts is taken forward by the Smith Commission in its proposals, and that Westminster acts immediately to devolve the powers over APD.
&nbsp;
OCTOBER is Black History Month, and I attended the excellent launch a few weeks ago. Black History Month serves as an important reminder that despite everything that Glasgow has done to stand up for justice, there was a time when we were the second city of the Empire, and helped to bankroll the slave trade.
Glasgow imported over half of all the American slave-grown tobacco, and visual reminders of the wealth the tobacco trade brought to the city remain today. Glassford Street, Jamaica Street and Buchanan Street are all named after tobacco merchants and the areas they enslaved.
Black History Month is important as it helps us to recognise that past and commemorate it, as well as learn the lessons of the past.
&nbsp;
THE big news last week was the resignation of Johann Lamont as leader of the Scottish Labour Party, and I wish her well for the future. She left with a scathing attack on London Labour’s control of the party, and described some of her Westminster colleagues as ‘dinosaurs’ who were unwilling to adapt to the new politics of Scotland.
Ms Lamont accused Labour of running the Scottish party like a branch office, and stated that the Scottish Labour Party should have more autonomy, with the ability to make their own decisions and control their own resources. This begs the question that if it is good enough for Scottish Labour to be an independent entity then why do they not think it is good enough for Scotland?
The SNP is proud to have seven MSPs who represent the city of Glasgow, but we will never take the people of Glasgow and the trust they put in us for granted.
&nbsp;
FINALLY, I would like to congratulate the Fort shopping centre on its 10th birthday this month. Since it opened in October 2004 the Fort has been hugely successful, and this looks set to continue with the exciting new expansion taking place, creating hundreds of new jobs. The Fort also makes important contributions to local and national charities, and has been recognised for its fantastic work with local east end charity FARE. Here’s to many more years of success.
 