THE 45-year-old also denied lying about claims her estranged husband Derek Mitchell assaulted her on two occasions in 2009. DJ Suzie McGuire had panic button installed in her home since splitting with her husband - Daily Record FORMER CLYDE 1 DJ Suzie McGuire has had a panic button installed in her home since splitting with her husband, a court heard&nbsp;today.
The 45-year-old also denied lying about claims her estranged husband Derek Mitchell assaulted her on two occasions in 2009.
Paisley Sheriff Court was told how Mitchell has allegedly been stopped from seeing his children after they were brought home from visiting him in a police car last month.
Suzie was giving evidence for a second day at the court where Mitchell is on trial accused of a number of charges including assaults and breaches of the peace between March 2009 and October 2013.
At the end of her questioning by procurator fiscal depute Amanda Gallagher she told the jury: “The police have actually installed a panic button in the house.”
Miss Gallagher asked when this was done and she replied: “About a month ago.”
She added that social services have “prevented” Mitchell from seeing his two children.
Under cross-examination by defence lawyer Billy Lavelle Suzie said that a fortnight ago she was advised by social services to keep the children at home after they were brought home from a visit with him by the police.
The court heard the children used to have a nanny, Caroline McNiven, who watched them before recently changing jobs and Mitchell contacted her to ask something about one of his children and that lead to the police being contacted.
Suzie said she called the police, who collected them from Mitchell and brought home in a police car, and said they were “barefoot” and “dirty”.
She said she didn’t know he had contacted social services regarding the issue he had text Miss McNiven about.
Mr Lavelle put to her: “Mr Mitchell was prevented because you didn’t want him to?” but she said that was in correct.
He continued: “This is just you throwing some more mud at Mr Mitchell when you had the opportunity to do so.”
The witness replied: “That’s absolutely incorrect.”
She told the court he has “not paid a single penny towards his children for a year and a half”.
In her evidence Suzie described an assault in November 2009 when Mitchell allegedly had her by the throat against furniture in her Eaglesham home and hurled a catalogue of threats at her including that he would “destroy her”.
The jury heard the police were called and Mitchell had left the property by the time they arrived but that Suzie “played right down” what happened and told them they had a “minor argument”.
She said she spent four years trying to hide the “vicious assaults and torment” that was suffered in the house.
Mr Lavelle put to her she phoned the police to “get back at Mr Mitchell”. Suzie answered: “Absolutely not”.
He said that it was a minor argument they had but Miss Mitchell disagreed and said she was assaulted.
In relation to another alleged assault at Mitchell Street car park in Glasgow city centre Suzie claims she was grabbed by the throat, lifted up and bitten on the face on Christmas Eve 2009.
Mr Lavelle asked: “If it was obvious to you that there were teeth marks it would have been obvious to other people?”
Suzie said: “Yes.” She said her mum, who is expected to be a witness, saw the bite mark on her face.
She told the defence lawyer she didn’t go to hospital after the incident but did contact the police.
Suzie admitted she didn’t give a statement to the police about the alleged incident but did sign an officer’s notepad after telling them she had been attacked.
He put to her: “The police officers would have been presented with someone who had clearly been savagely attacked?” She said: “Yes.”
She added: “I was 100 per cent bitten, savaged on the cheek and held up by the throat in Mitchell Street car park.
“I’m under oath. I swear on my four children’s lives that’s absolutely the case.”
The defence lawyer put to her that the court may hear from a police officer that she had “no obvious injuries” but she said “I dispute that”.
Mr Lavelle continued: “No bite mark.”
She replied: “That’s not true. I can tell you now I had a bite mark for three days over the festive period.”
She denied the suggestion that she and Mitchell had an argument in town and that he wanted to go home and she wanted to stay, and that her way of dealing with it was to report him to the police.
Mitchell denies the charges and has lodged a special defence of self-defence for one of the assault charges.
The trial before sheriff Susan Sinclair continues.
 