UNDER questioning from defence lawyer Billy Lavelle, mum-of-four Suzie, 45, denied lying about claims Mitchell assaulted her on two occasions in 2009. DJ Suzie McGuire rejects defence claim 'cheek bite' row with husband was minor argument - Daily Record FORMER CLYDE 1 DJ Suzie McGuire told a court yesterday she spent four years trying to hide “vicious assaults and torment” from her now-estranged husband.
And she claimed that on one occasion, Derek Mitchell had grabbed her by the throat, lifted her up and bitten her on the face.
Accountant Mitchell, 35, is on trial at Paisley Sheriff Court, accused of charges including assaults on Suzie and breaches of the peace between March 2009 and October 2013.
Under questioning from defence lawyer Billy Lavelle, mum-of-four Suzie, 45, denied lying about claims Mitchell assaulted her on two occasions in 2009.
She described an assault in November 2009 when he allegedly held her by the throat against furniture at their home in Eaglesham, near Glasgow, and said he would “destroy her”.
 Police were called but Mitchell had left the house by the time they arrived. Suzie said she “played down” the  incident to officers and told them they’d had a “minor argument”. 
 Mr Lavelle suggested to Suzie she had phoned police to “get back at Mitchell”. She replied: “Absolutely not.” He said  it was a minor argument but Suzie disagreed and said she was assaulted. 
She was also quizzed about another alleged assault – at Mitchell Street car park in Glasgow city centre on Christmas Eve 2009. Suzie claims she was grabbed by the throat, lifted up and bitten on the face. She didn’t go to hospital after the alleged incident but did contact the police.
Suzie said she didn’t give a statement but did sign an officer’s notepad after telling them she had been attacked.
She added: “I was 100 per cent bitten, savaged on the cheek and held up by the throat in Mitchell Street car park.
 “I swear on my four children’s lives that’s absolutely the case. I had a bite mark for three days.” 
Suzie claimed Mitchell sent her a “heart-rending” email in February 2010, apologising for what he did on Christmas Eve. He added that he had anger management issues and was getting help.
 Mr Lavelle suggested her evidence was “absolute fantasy” but she told him: “You are 100 per cent wrong, sir.” 
She said: “He acknowledged it happened and was devastated by it. He hoped there was a way back and begged me for another chance.”
 The court also heard that Mitchell – the father of Suzie’s two youngest children – has allegedly been stopped from seeing them after they were brought home from a visit in a police car last month. She claimed he has “not paid a single penny towards his  children for a year-and-a-half”. 
Mitchell denies the charges. The trial before Sheriff Susan Sinclair continues.
 