THE  arts organisation is on the hunt for a location and a funding partner that will let them bring the haunting collection to Glasgow. Children's War Museum makes venue appeal to bring Syrian refugee children art exhibition to Glasgow - Daily Record AN art organisation has made a plea for help to Glasgow in the hope of bringing paintings by Syrian refugee children to the city.&nbsp;
The Children’s War Museum, an organisation that aims to give children from conflict zones a voice, is looking for a venue and funding partners to bring the collection to Glasgow after its Edinburgh exhibition ends on Wednesday, November 12.&nbsp;
Currently at the City of Edinburgh Methodist Church, the 166 artworks were made by children who had fled the Syrian Civil War to a refugee camp in Lebanon.
The children created the paintings and drawings as part of a three month psychological support project run by Syrian humanitarian relief agency Najda Now at the Shatila refugee camp in Beirut.
While many of the artworks are typical of any child’s, portraying everyday scenes of their lives before the conflict, which to date has claimed nearly 200,000 lives, others are chilling representations of war.
Men holding families at gunpoint, tanks and helicopters attacking homes and bleeding bodies are just some of the horrors issued from the paintbrushes of the children.
 

Brian Devlin, founder of the Children’s War Museum, said he believed there would be a great deal of interest in the exhibition in Glasgow.&nbsp;
He added: “One lady who viewed the painting in Edinburgh said many of them reminded her of pieces by her grandchildren. Others are scenes of violence. It’s a combination of familiarity and horror and lets you see both sides to these children’s past, see what they have been through.
“These children still have the feelings and dreams of any child, but sadly they also carry memories of what they have experienced.
&quot;We're hoping we'll be able to bring them to Glasgow for the city to experience.&quot;
The exhibition also features a film, Return To Homs, which follows the lives of young friends who led the protests in the Syrian city during the early weeks of the revolution.
It is planned that the paintings will ultimately be exhibited in Germany before being auctioned off.
 For more details or if you can help, email Brian at&nbsp; eildon@hotmail.co.uk &nbsp; 
 