THE custom-made table – which is inspired by the hit TV show – features all of the main cast and their most famous catchphrases. Still Game poker table: Card game designed by stars of hit show to be auctioned to help charity for children - Daily Record  A RISQUE poker table designed by the stars of Still Game is to be auctioned to help a charity who support children with a  rare disease. 
The custom-made table – which is inspired by the hit TV show – features all of the main cast and their most famous catchphrases.
Proceeds from the sale of the table will go to the TOFS charity.
They support children born with tracheo-oesophageal fistula – a condition which causes an inability to swallow.

The &pound;1200 poker table was the brainchild of Still Game star Greg Hemphill – who plays Craiglang worthy Victor McDade – and McPoker Tables owner Mike McCarron.
Mike came up with the idea after he met two customers whose little girl suffered from the condition.
He mentioned the idea to Greg, who said it would be a great idea to have the whole Still Game cast contribute to the design.
As our exclusive pictures show, they decided each of the 10 players at the table would be a character from the show, including Ford Kiernan’s Jack Jarvis and Isa, played by Jane McCarry.

 Greg said: “I met Mike on Twitter and he said he’d love to make a Still Game-themed table, which I thought was a  great idea. 
 “We then set about getting some ideas from the rest of the cast and came up with the idea that each player position would  be a character, such as Boabby or Isa. You can even play as Pete the Jakey if you want.”&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

He added: “It’s for a fantastic cause and we are hoping the sale of the table will raise a lot of money and awareness of this condition.”
The auction is due to be held in the Riverboat Casino, Glasgow, next month when the cast return from a break following their successful run of Still Game live shows at the SSE Hydro.
TOFS is a rare congenital disease which affects one in every 3500 babies.
Surgery is usually required within days of birth and some sufferers need further surgery in later years.
Try your hand at our showbiz quiz

 