THE steps leading to the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall are to be removed as part of the Buchanan Galleries redevelopment and be replaced by a glass atrium, leading to a public outcry.  Petition to save Glasgow Royal Concert Hall steps from Buchanan Galleries redevelopment attracts 1400 plus signatures in 12 hours - Daily Record A PETITION to save Glasgow’s Buchanan Street steps has garnered more than 1400 signatures in less than 12 hours.
The steps leading to the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall are to be removed as part of the Buchanan Galleries redevelopment and be replaced by a glass atrium.
The plans have been condemned by the public and politicians, leading to the setting up of a petition to “Save the Steps”.
 Glasgow Now previously sounded the alarm about the redevelopment of the steps, pointing out the important role they play culturally, socially and politically in the city’s life. 
Buskers, lunching workers and political rallies often call the steps home, while the area, which also holds Donald Dewar’s statue, was an important location during the independence referendum to both sides of the debate.
Stephen Eve, 24, and Ben Bookless, 25, set up the new petition.
Newton Mearns resident Stephen said: “I was really upset to hear of Glasgow City's Council's plan to remove the steps up to the Concert Hall.
“The steps have become part of everyday life for many Glaswegians, who meet friends there or sit with their lunch and take in the views over Buchanan Street.
“There aren't many places to sit in Glasgow City Centre. Apart from George Square, there really isn't anywhere, apart from a few benches dotted about Sauchiehall Street.”
Bookless, of Simshill, added: “It would be a great shame to see the steps replaced with a glass front. In the summer, you are hard pushed to find a space on them for people meeting there and enjoying the sunshine.
“It has been called “Glasgow's Hall for Glasgow's people” by the city's former Lord Provost, so I think that Glasgow's people should have a say in the future of these iconic steps.”
 

Green councillor Nina Baker, who represents Anderston/City ward, previously failed in a bid to persuade the planning committee to save the Concert Hall steps.
She said: &quot;The loss of the steps will be a great loss to the liveliness of the Buchanan Quarter.&quot;
The petition, which has so far attracted 1428 signatories, has also seen angry comments.
One read: “The statue of Donald Dewar was carefully sculpted based on it’s surroundings. Removing the steps is dethroning one of Scotland’s greats.”
Another signatory said demolition of the steps would be “cultural vandalism”.
But council bosses said the plans for the site would benefit the public. 

A council spokesman previously said: “The redevelopment of Buchanan Galleries will involve removing the steps as a part of the new design which will feature an atrium as the entrance to the expanded Galleries.
“Among the benefits to the public will be greater accessibility. There is no shortage of meeting or rallying points in Glasgow and the city centre.”
Bookless and Eve are currently planning a public protest at the steps.
 You can sign the petition here . 
 