THE intimate gig featuring Slash and Biffy is part of MTV Music Week - a series of events that will be staged throughout Glasgow in the week leading up to the 2014 MTV EMAs. Biffy Clyro and Slash set to play intimate gig at Glasgow's O2 Academy ahead of MTV EMAs - Daily Record LEGENDARY rock guitarist Slash featuring Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators and one of the UK’s biggest rock bands Biffy Clyro will play an intimate show for fans at Glasgow’s iconic O2 Academy on Friday, 7 November ahead of the 2014 MTV EMAs.
The intimate gig will be filmed for MTV and broadcast as part of the popular MTV World Stage franchise in more than 160 countries internationally.
The 2014 MTV EMA will broadcast live to MTV channels around the world from the SSE Hydro in Glasgow on Sunday, 9 November at 9:00pm.

Slash said: “I can’t wait to bring the rock back to MTV and World Stage in Glasgow on Nov 7.” – Slash
Biffy Clyro added: “Four words : Biffy!! Slash!! MTV!! Glasgow!! Three words : dream come true!!”
Tickets will only be available to Slash and Biffy Clyro fans this Friday via TicketWeb.
Members of Team Biffy and Slash’s mailing list will receive an email with a priority code and full details of how to book.
Tickets will be priced at &pound;10 plus booking fee.&nbsp; No tickets will go on general sale.
This event is part of MTV Music Week – a series of events that will be staged by MTV throughout Glasgow in the week leading up to the 2014 MTV EMA.
The week long series of live music events, in association with Heineken, will take place at 17 of Glasgow’s most iconic venues.
 

On Tuesday 4, Musical duo The 2 Bears will team up with Club MTV to bring their unique pop house sounds to King Tuts Wah Wah Hut. With The 2 Bears including one member of electronic band Hot Chip, Joe Goddard.
Singing sensation La Roux has teamed up with Club MTV to bring a night of synth-pop on Wednesday 5 to student favourite O2 ABC, where you can expect to hear hit singles In for the Kill and Bulletproof.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
British indie band Circa Waves will take to the stage on Thursday 6 at Oran Mor in Glasgow’s West End, playing fan favourites such as Get Away and Young Bloods.
Over the Friday/Saturday, Club MTV has teamed up with legendary Scottish music promoters Colours to create a one-off electro and house DJ special.
“World Stage: Slash featuring Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators” and “World Stage: Biffy Clyro” will premiere on MTV channels internationally early next year.
Enrique Iglesias, Calvin Harris, Charli XCX, Kiesza, Royal Blood, Ariana Grande, Ed Sheeran and Nicki Minaj have been previously confirmed to perform at the 2014 MTV EMA.
British rock legend Ozzy Osbourne will be honoured with the Global Icon Award and will be in Glasgow to accept his award.
Fans can vote now for their favourite artists across all other 2014 MTV EMA categories at mtvema.com .
Try your hand at our showbiz quiz

 