ROSS Campbell, 27, won Trail magazine's annual competition with a stunning image of his winter camp at the foot of Ben Lui in Argyll. Scots student wins major photography award with picture taken on £10 camera - Daily Record A STUDENT has won a major photography award with a camera he bought for just &pound;10 in a supermarket.
Ross Campbell, 27, entered Trail magazine’s annual competition with a stunning image of his winter camp at the foot of Ben Lui in Argyll.
And the mechanical engineering student’s equipment has been given a major upgrade after scooping the top prize of more than &pound;2000 worth of Nikon photography gear.
Ross, from Glasgow, said: “It’s mind-blowing to win something like this.
“I was honoured just to be on the final short-list – I never expected people to vote for me.
“It was my first ever solo wild camp and the first time I’d used the camera, which I bought for &pound;10 in Tesco’s Boxing Day sale. I live close to the Highlands and the weather forecast looked good that evening, so I drove to Cononish Glen, cycled 10km to the base of Ben Lui, then set up my tent.
“It was a very cold but the weather was great, with a full moon lighting up the mountains, so I spent all night taking photos.
“I’m just glad I came back with a few decent shots.”
The competition received more than 1000 entries.
 

Trail editor Simon Ingram said: “The quality of entries was amazing.
“We had every level of enthusiast submitting, from the professional to the casual phone-snapper. What was brilliant about all of them was that the common thread was a deep connection with the British mountains.
“Ross’s image captured a real ‘moment’ – and the fact that he won with comparatively basic equipment just goes to show that anyone who goes to the mountains can come back with something special, be it actual memories or photographic ones.
“We can’t wait for next year’s competition.”
The competition asked snappers to submit images that showed off everything they love about the UK mountains.
Trail’s panel of expert judges – including mountaineer Alan Hinkes and top outdoor filmmaker Alastair Lee – then cut the entries down to a short-list of 20.
The final decision was then put in the hands of the public, with thousands voting in the online poll. Ross won 23 per cent of the vote.
The full results are printed in Trail’s December 2014 issue, which is available from today.
 