GLASGOW NOW gives you the top things to do in the city and news you can use for the day ahead. Five tips from the Glasgow Now newsdesk for October 30 - In for a Penny, in for a Sound - Daily Record  1. The Penny Brothers 
A NEW display is being unveiled at the Riverside Museum on Thursday telling the story of five brothers who made up a famed Clyde rowing crew.
The Penny brothers - Tom, Laurie, Sandy and Bill - were members of the Clyde Amateur Rowing Club in the 1930s and were then joined by their 10-year-old brother, Jimmy, as cox. Together the brothers became known as the “Fourpence Ha’Penny Crew”, with Jimmy as as the “half penny”.
Last year, Tom Penny’s son donated his father’s rowing shirt and a collection of cups and medals which will now go on display, which will be unveiled by half penny Jimmy, now in his 90s.
&nbsp;
 2. Sounds of Light 
This concert, in its third year, takes places at the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall in aid of the rebuilding of Gaza after the fighting earlier this year.
Organised by Manchester-based charity Human Appeal, the UK tour comes to Glasgow with Muslim music artists including multi-platinum award-winning singer Maher Zain and Washington DC musician Raef.
Islam Channel host Na'eem Raza said: &quot;This is going to be the biggest and best Sounds of Light tour yet. Last year the UK really got behind Syria and helped us raise over &pound;3m in just 12 days.
“This year, there is more need than ever before for donations to help people all over the globe. The tragedy of Gaza this year highlights just how important it is to raise money. We are confident we can beat last year’s total. The idea behind Sounds of Light is to bring people together from across the UK - whatever their faith. It's a growing phenomenon.&quot;
Tickets for the show cost &pound;10 and doors open from 6pm.
&nbsp;
 3. Appeal for missing man 
Police in Maryhill are appealing for information to help trace missing 47-year-old Graham Moffat of Wyndford Road.
Mr Moffat was last seen by a neighbour on October 10 when he visited the Poundstretcher store in Rothes Drive, Summerston. Officers said concern is growing for his wellbeing after health care professionals reported him missing on October 16 when he failed to attend an appointment.
He is described as 6ft tall, slim build with short fair hair, blue eyes and is usually clean shaven. He has tattoos on his left and right arms.
Mr Moffat, who has been known to travel to London and Aberdeen, requires medication and it is unknown if he has it with him.
Inspector Janie Thomson-Goldie, of Maryhill Police Office, said: “We understand that a disappearance of this duration is out of character for Graham. We’re continuing our enquiries to locate Graham safe and well. We would like to ask anyone who has seen or has had contact with Graham to contact the Maryhill Police Office via the 101 number.”
 

 4. This is Scotland film and book launch 
The West of Scotland Regional Equality Council is launching a book and stop motion animation film made up of 18 months worth of interviews and heritage walks about the legacy of migration to Glasgow.
An exhibition at the launch of “This is Glasgow”, from 6pm at 39 Napiershall Street, documented the project through photography by Monique Campbell. Free copies of the book will be available on the night.
Visit www.wsrec.co.uk for more information.
&nbsp;
And finally,
&nbsp;
 5. Glasgow from the outside 
From Glasgow’s people to its landscape, new signs are being unveiled along a path around Mains Estate in Milngavie.
Pupils from Clober Primary and Bearsden and Milngavie Ramblers will install the designs to posts along the path and improvements made to the path in the past year.
Bob Diamond, chairman of Bearsden and Milngavie Ramblers, said: “This is very much a community woodland used by the residents of Mains Estate. We are delighted to have led this project which has involved the local school, the Residents’ Association and the local landowner – it’s been a great community partnership. We hope the children’s involvement in their local wood will continue and they will bring their families to enjoy the lovely walks the area has to offer.”
 