Celtic routed 10-man Partick Thistle to seal their place in the semi-finals of the Scottish League Cup.    Guidetti 31′, 52′, 56′ (pen)  Izaguirre 48′  Griffiths 62′, 68′  
 Celtic routed 10-man Partick Thistle to seal their place in the semi-finals of the Scottish League Cup. 
 John Guidetti once again demonstrated why moves are afoot to sign him on a permanent basis with a hat-trick. 
 Emilio Izaguirre grabbed his first Celtic goal in four years after Guidetti's opener was followed by Stuart Bannigan's red card for Thistle. 
 And Leigh Griffiths leapt off the bench to score a brace and complete the scoring. 
 Celtic join Aberdeen, Dundee United and Rangers in Saturday's semi-final draw. 
 Thistle's last win at Celtic Park was in 1992 and their last League Cup success over Celtic was their famous 4-1 final triumph under Davie McParland in 1971. 
 And the visitors settled well with Bannigan, Nathan Eccleston and James Craigen all flashing efforts wide of the target. 
 But as the first half progressed, Celtic grew into the game and took the lead on the half-hour after Guidetti had been hauled down by Abdul Osman. 
 The Swede - on loan at Celtic from Manchester City - stroked the free-kick home to give the favourites the lead. 
 On Halloween week, the horror was just beginning for the Maryhill men. 
John Guidetti has scored eight goals in eight appearances since joining Celtic on loan from Manchester City
 Bannigan was shown a straight red card by referee Kevin Clancy for thumping into Guidetti who was left writhing in agony. 
 Half-time arrived but it was not long before the turkey-shoot got underway. 
 Izaguirre's goal drought was ended as he thumped home a Stokes flick-on just after the break. 
 Guidetti grabbed another from a superb arching free-kick before completing his treble from the penalty spot, the Swede having been fouled. 
 As the carnage unfolded, Griffiths arrived on the scene and headed an Izaguirre cross past Scott Fox. 
 Fox then drove a clearance off the former Hibernian forward and it spun into the far corner for Celtic's sixth. 
 Mercifully for the Jags, with half-an-hour still to play, the damage did not get worse. 
 What will please manager Ronny Deila will be the nature of the performance in the closing stages as Celtic did not drop down into cruise control, with substitute Stefan Scepovic almost squirming an effort home. 
 But it stayed at six and Celtic's recent woes in the tournament look to be at an end. 
  Celtic manager Ronny Deila:  &quot;The second half was fantastic. We created a lot of chances and we opened them up. 
 &quot;They went down to 10 men and it was difficult for Partick Thistle, but he deserved the red card, so that's not our fault. 
 &quot;We were professional, we worked hard for 90 minutes and we created chances and a lot of good moments in the second half. 
 &quot;We have five clean sheets in nine games now, so defensively it's good and offensively we still have to get things quicker, but I think we are going the right way.&quot; 
  Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald:  &quot;Very disappointing. 
 &quot;Game of two halves, the sending off changes things totally. There was nothing in the game up until the [first] free-kick [goal]. 
 &quot;We were very disappointed by the foul that led to it because we didn't think it was a foul. 
 &quot;I didn't think Stuart had to make the challenge. It was a wee bit reckless. The game totally changes on that. 
 &quot;We lost poor goals. The lads felt a bit sorry for themselves and that led to a couple of the soft goals that we lost. 
 &quot;They've got to learn from it.&quot; 
    Full Time  Match ends, Celtic 6, Partick Thistle 0. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Celtic 6, Partick Thistle 0. 
 Corner, Celtic. Conceded by Jordan McMillan. 
 Attempt missed. Leigh Griffiths (Celtic) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, Celtic. Conceded by Danny Seaborne. 
 Charlie Mulgrew (Celtic) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Kallum Higginbotham (Partick Thistle). 
 Scott Brown (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by James Craigen (Partick Thistle). 
 Attempt saved. Leigh Griffiths (Celtic) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Celtic. Conceded by Scott Fox. 
 Attempt saved. Stefan Scepovic (Celtic) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Corner, Celtic. Conceded by Danny Seaborne. 
 Attempt saved. Mubarak Wakaso (Celtic) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Mubarak Wakaso (Celtic). 
 Stephen O'Donnell (Partick Thistle) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Goal!  Goal! Celtic 6, Partick Thistle 0. Leigh Griffiths (Celtic) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt missed. Virgil van Dijk (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt blocked. Mikael Lustig (Celtic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Celtic. Conceded by Stephen O'Donnell. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Partick Thistle. Jake Carroll replaces Christie Elliott. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Celtic. Stefan Scepovic replaces John Guidetti. 
  Goal!  Goal! Celtic 5, Partick Thistle 0. Leigh Griffiths (Celtic) header from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Emilio Izaguirre. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Partick Thistle. Kris Doolan replaces Nathan Eccleston. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Celtic. Leigh Griffiths replaces Anthony Stokes. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Partick Thistle. Kallum Higginbotham replaces Steven Lawless. 
  Goal!  Goal! Celtic 4, Partick Thistle 0. John Guidetti (Celtic) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the top left corner. 
 Penalty Celtic. John Guidetti draws a foul in the penalty area. 
 Penalty conceded by Abdul Osman (Partick Thistle) after a foul in the penalty area. 
  Goal!  Goal! Celtic 3, Partick Thistle 0. John Guidetti (Celtic) from a free kick with a right footed shot to the top left corner. 
 Anthony Stokes (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by James Craigen (Partick Thistle). 
 Attempt saved. John Guidetti (Celtic) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left is saved in the bottom left corner. 
  Goal!  Goal! Celtic 2, Partick Thistle 0. Emilio Izaguirre (Celtic) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the left to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Anthony Stokes. 
 Foul by Emilio Izaguirre (Celtic). 
 Stephen O'Donnell (Partick Thistle) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Charlie Mulgrew (Celtic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Nathan Eccleston (Partick Thistle). 
 Foul by Emilio Izaguirre (Celtic). 
 Nathan Eccleston (Partick Thistle) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
   Second Half begins Celtic 1, Partick Thistle 0. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Celtic. Mubarak Wakaso replaces Callum McGregor. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Celtic 1, Partick Thistle 0. 
  Booking  Jordan McMillan (Partick Thistle) is shown the yellow card. 
 Scott Brown (Celtic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jordan McMillan (Partick Thistle). 
  Dismissal  Stuart Bannigan (Partick Thistle) is shown the red card. 
 John Guidetti (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Stuart Bannigan (Partick Thistle). 
 Attempt missed. John Guidetti (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Foul by Anthony Stokes (Celtic). 
 Christie Elliott (Partick Thistle) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt saved. Nathan Eccleston (Partick Thistle) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Callum McGregor (Celtic) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. 
 Corner, Partick Thistle. Conceded by Virgil van Dijk. 
  Goal!  Goal! Celtic 1, Partick Thistle 0. John Guidetti (Celtic) from a free kick with a right footed shot to the top left corner. 
 John Guidetti (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Abdul Osman (Partick Thistle). 
 Attempt saved. Mikael Lustig (Celtic) header from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Foul by Virgil van Dijk (Celtic). 
 Christie Elliott (Partick Thistle) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Scott Brown (Celtic). 
 Stuart Bannigan (Partick Thistle) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt missed. James Craigen (Partick Thistle) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Foul by Scott Brown (Celtic). 
 Jordan McMillan (Partick Thistle) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Anthony Stokes (Celtic) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt missed. Stuart Bannigan (Partick Thistle) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner. 
 Corner, Celtic. Conceded by Conrad Balatoni. 
 Abdul Osman (Partick Thistle) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Stefan Johansen (Celtic). 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 