THE popular pensioners arrive in Shieldinch after winning a competition to shout “action!” and watch some filming at the popular BBC Scotland drama, River City. Still Game's Jack and Victor to film exclusive sketch for this year’s BBC Children in Need Appeal - Daily Record STILL Game will film an exclusive sketch for this year’s BBC Children in Need Appeal.
To be shown on Saturday, November 15 the sketch will see Ford Kiernan and Greg Hemphill as Jack and Victor winning a competition to watch Scots soap River City being filmed.&nbsp;
It follows the phenomenal return of the much loved series this year with a record-breaking 21-night run at Glasgow’s SSE Hydro.&nbsp;
A recording of the live show is to be screened on Friday, November 7. 

Ford said: ““We’re obviously delighted that the two worlds of Still Game and River City are going to collide for BBC’s Children In Need. It’ll be a strange experience for Jack and Victor to leave a real place like Craiglang for a made-up BBC place like Shieldinch. We don’t want to give too much away because the element of surprise is everything afterall.”
The sketch sees two of BBC Scotland’s biggest shows come together as part of the BBC Children In Need Appeal which kicks off on Friday, November 14.

The popular pensioners arrive in Shieldinch after winning a competition to shout “action!” and watch some filming at the popular BBC Scotland drama, River City.&nbsp;
It will be the first time Ford and Greg have written a Still Game sketch for television since they stopped the show in two part Hogmanay special in 2008.
For fans it’s another strong indication the friends are back on track for writing a seventh series of the show which originally began in 2002.

Mary Duffy, National Head, BBC Children In Need added: “This is the biggest night of the year for BBC Children In Need and we’re delighted that these two iconic shows have come together to support the work we do. We’re really grateful to Ford and Greg, Still Game and all the River City team for making this unique sketch happen and to the people of Scotland who always dig deep and raise millions to support disadvantaged children and young people across the country.”

 