Elgin City will be sick of the sight of Scott Chaplain after his double helped Albion Rovers ease to victory to move into second place in League Two.    Chaplain 5′, 31′  Dunlop 10′  Phillips 56′  
 Elgin City will be sick of the sight of Scott Chaplain after his double helped Albion Rovers ease to victory to move into second place in League Two. 
 Chaplain had scored three goals in the last two meetings between the teams before heading home Alan Reid's cross. 
 Mick Dunlop's deflected right-footed strike made it two after 10 minutes. 
 Chaplain dispossessed Matthew Cooper and raced clear to slot home another with barely half an hour played and Gary Phillips added a fine volley. 
 Craig Gunn had hit the bar for Elgin in the early stages of the second half before Phillips ended any faint hopes of a comeback by the side sitting bottom of the table. 
    Full Time  Match ends, Elgin City 0, Albion Rovers 4. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Elgin City 0, Albion Rovers 4. 
 Attempt saved. Craig Gunn (Elgin City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Ross Dunlop. 
 Attempt blocked. Gordon Finlayson (Elgin City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. 
 Foul by Gordon Finlayson (Elgin City). 
 Ally Love (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Brian Cameron (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Scott Chaplain (Albion Rovers). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Albion Rovers. Josh Mullin replaces Mark McGuigan. 
 Attempt saved. Alan Reid (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Booking  Kyle Turnbull (Albion Rovers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Shane Sutherland (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Kyle Turnbull (Albion Rovers). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Elgin City. Daniel Moore replaces Graeme Beveridge. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Kyle Turnbull. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Albion Rovers. Ally Love replaces Marc McKenzie. 
 Attempt blocked. Craig Gunn (Elgin City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Elgin City. Rory MacEwan replaces Dennis Wyness. 
  Booking  Ross Dunlop (Albion Rovers) is shown the yellow card. 
 Craig Gunn (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Ross Dunlop (Albion Rovers). 
 Brian Cameron (Elgin City) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Scott Chaplain (Albion Rovers). 
  Goal!  Goal! Elgin City 0, Albion Rovers 4. Gary Phillips (Albion Rovers) left footed shot from outside the box to the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Marvin Andrews. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Archie MacPhee. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Michael Dunlop. 
 Attempt blocked. Craig Gunn (Elgin City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Alan Reid. 
 Gordon Finlayson (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Marc McKenzie (Albion Rovers). 
 Craig Gunn (Elgin City) hits the bar with a right footed shot from the centre of the box following a corner. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Ross Dunlop. 
 Attempt blocked. Archie MacPhee (Elgin City) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Craig Gunn (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Michael Dunlop (Albion Rovers). 
   Second Half begins Elgin City 0, Albion Rovers 3. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Elgin City 0, Albion Rovers 3. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Ross Dunlop. 
 Attempt blocked. Craig Gunn (Elgin City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Craig Gunn (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Alan Reid (Albion Rovers). 
  Booking  Craig Gunn (Elgin City) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Brian Cameron (Elgin City). 
 Ciaran Donnelly (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt saved. Dennis Wyness (Elgin City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Ross Dunlop. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Ross Dunlop. 
 Attempt missed. Archie MacPhee (Elgin City) left footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the left. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Neil Parry. 
 Attempt saved. Gordon Finlayson (Elgin City) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Kyle Turnbull. 
 Attempt blocked. Brian Cameron (Elgin City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. 
 Attempt blocked. Marvin Andrews (Elgin City) header from the centre of the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Mark McGuigan. 
  Goal!  Goal! Elgin City 0, Albion Rovers 3. Scott Chaplain (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Albion Rovers. Ciaran Donnelly replaces Darren Young because of an injury. 
 Attempt missed. Shane Sutherland (Elgin City) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. 
 Attempt blocked. Marvin Andrews (Elgin City) header from the centre of the box is blocked. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Michael Dunlop. 
 Corner, Elgin City. Conceded by Darren Young. 
 Foul by Kyle Turnbull (Albion Rovers). 
 Mark Nicolson (Elgin City) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Marvin Andrews. 
 Foul by Scott Chaplain (Albion Rovers). 
 Mark Nicolson (Elgin City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Darren Young (Albion Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Archie MacPhee (Elgin City). 
  Goal!  Goal! Elgin City 0, Albion Rovers 2. Michael Dunlop (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box to the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Archie MacPhee. 
 Attempt saved. Dennis Wyness (Elgin City) header from very close range is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. John Gemmell (Albion Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. 
  Goal!  Goal! Elgin City 0, Albion Rovers 1. Scott Chaplain (Albion Rovers) header from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Alan Reid. 
 Attempt saved. Dennis Wyness (Elgin City) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Albion Rovers. Conceded by Gordon Finlayson. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 