THE Scot appears three times throughout the performance, playing different stages in Wells' life at the outset, interval and finale of the War of the Worlds stage show. Scots actor Callum O'Neill ages 50 years every night to play HG Wells in War of the Worlds stage show - Daily Record THE lights go down, the special effects kick into life and 20,000 fans go silent as the alien invasion begins.
And for actor Callum O’Neill, that’s when the clock starts ticking.
The Scot is taking centre stage next month when the new live tour of Jeff Wayne’s Musical Version of War of the Worlds kicks off a blockbuster tour of Europe. Callum faces an incredible race against time to age 50 years in one evening.
He plays War of the Worlds author HG Wells, opening with a monologue, before playing the writer in middle and then old age.
That means that as soon as he is off stage, he has to leap into the make-up chair where a Hollywood team have an hour to age him 20 years for his speech after the interval, and then the same again to bring him back for the finale as a man of 79.
Callum said it’s some of the hardest but most enjoyable work he has ever been involved in.
He is joined on the show by Jason Donovan, Shayne Ward and Brian McFadden, as well as a giant hologram of Liam Neeson.
“It’s a massive deal for me to get this part – I was a huge fan of the original album with Richard Burton, so it’s fantastic,” he said.
“It’s really exciting and it’s gonna be great. We’re expecting to play for more than 100,000 people on 17 dates in the UK and Europe.”
Between his appearances, Callum leaps into the seat of make-up expert Mark Coulier, an Oscar, Bafta and Emmy Award winner who transformed Meryl Streep into Thatcher in The Iron Lady and Ralph Fiennes into Lord Voldemort for the Harry Potter movies.

Callum said: “At first we see HG at 33, which in terms of make-up is just a fake moustache and sideburns, then I go off to get me to the age of 53. The team have got 70 minutes.
“We got it down to 25 minutes, which is just brilliant, the guys are amazing.
“So when I come off, I need to get out of costume, put on the fat suit, get in my dressing down and sit in the chair and they are on the clock. I need to get everything done, dusted and back on stage.
“There’s no time to stand around having a drink or resting up. It takes about 50 minutes to get everything off because it was all glued to my face and they need to take off everything. I get a facial every night, so I’ll see what my face looks like after 17 nights.”
This is the final arena tour for the show and Callum said he still has to pinch himself when he thinks about how massive the gig is.

“They had thought of just getting somebody to do a video and project it up on the screen, they weren’t looking for a live performance,” he said. “I auditioned three times and read out the monologues, and had a second audition in front of the whole staff, including Jeff. Then I went up to his big house in Hertfordshire where he has his own massive studio. We did a voice and video recording and then Jeff said he’d like me in the show.
“Jeff is really down to earth and a very relaxed, easy-going guy and always happy to listen to ideas.
“The first time I spoke to him was at an audio recording session and he came in to say hello, so I said, ‘I’ve got to tell you, when we were kids, my brother and I owned Jeff Wayne’s War of the Worlds and we listened to it every night before going to bed, so I know it really well.’ And he said, ‘So let me get this right, you’re saying that my album put you to sleep?’
“I hesitated but then he laughed and said, ‘I was just pulling your chain.’ He’s a really nice bloke.”
 

Callum, from Dundee, is best known as a busy stage and voiceover actor. His biggest part to date was hapless Wee Dingwall in Brave, and he is currently in talks to appear in animated sequel The Nut Job 2.
He spent last year on stage with James McAvoy in the hit update of the Scottish Play and said that was an experience he never thought he would match. “Normally in theatre, you come in and ask the stage manager how many tickets have been sold but we knew that every single night was sold out and people were queuing up overnight with their sleeping bag to get in.
“James is really cool, he was always empathetic to everybody, just a proper Glasgow boy and very down to earth. I thought Macbeth would be the biggest thing I’d do theatre-wise as it was such a phenomenon. But that was 400 people a night and this will be up to 20,000.”
The technical side of the show, with giant screens, alien spacecraft, special effects, holograms and musical performances, provides massive challenges for the cast.
Callum said: “There is a video track for the show, and once you press play, there’s no stopping it. At the beginning, I was really worried because on this one, a two-and-a-half-minute speech has to take two and a half minutes every single night.
“But I know my words now and it’s becoming fun. We are in the Glasgow Hydro and that’ll be very special.
“The idea of standing in these arenas in front of thousands, I’m gonna have goosebumps. I can’t wait.”

 