Aitkenbar Parent Council said they were optimistic a "mutually acceptable solution" could be found West Dunbartonshire Council quashes parents' hopes of amending Bellsmyre school plan - Daily Record Council chiefs have quashed parents’ hopes of amending controversial plans for a new school campus which were rubber-stamped last week.
The local authority’s planning committee heard there was nothing stopping a fresh application being lodged in light of concerns, but bosses have since confirmed they have no intention of re-submitting proposals.
Aitkenbar Parent Council’s request to postpone a decision on the Bellsmyre campus following a row over separate entrances for Catholic school St Peter’s Primary and non-denominational school Aitkenbar Primary was rejected by the committee on Wednesday. The majority of councillors agreed their concerns were not planning considerations, and they did not side with Councillor John Mooney’s bid to continue the matter for further discussion. Mr Mooney said: “Some of these may be planning issues as far as I know because it has not been clarified.”
Provost Douglas McAllister said: “I don’t think there’s any basis for the committee to refuse. It is not for the planning committee to resolve the outstanding educational issues. That is not our role or function. But there’s nothing to stop the applicant coming back with a fresh application.”
Kirsteen Hamil, from Aitkenbar Parent Council, voiced their concerns over the separate entrances at the meeting, stating it was divisive and had no educational benefit.
In a statement afterwards, the parent council said: “We are absolutely delighted that the plans for the joint campus in Bellsmyre have been approved in principle. It has been made clear to us by the planning committee that amendments can be made to these plans, relating to the public entrance and interior layout of the shared space, and we are confident that once dialogue is opened between ourselves, West Dunbartonshire Council and the Archdiocese of Glasgow, a mutually acceptable solution can be found.”
After asking the council whether there were any intentions to continue talks and submit a fresh planning bid, a spokeswoman said: “The council has no plans at this time to submit an amended planning application. The normal consultation and dialogue with parents as the school is developed will now continue.
“The council is pleased that investment in a new school can now proceed and we look forward to it opening in August 2016.”
SNP group leader Councillor Jonathan McColl unsuccessfully attempted to bring council officers and the archdiocese around the table last week to quash the separate entrances proposal. He is a member of the planning committee but sat out of the discussion after declaring an interest.
Speaking afterwards, he said: “The issues raised with me were not relevant in planning terms so I believe the committee made the right decision. I’ve represented the views expressed to me, but the fact is that the schools have the right to protect their own identities within the new shared building and separate entrances to each school’s reception for the public is a part of that.”
 