Labour's UK leader Ed Miliband is due to attend a fundraising dinner in Glasgow as the process of finding a new Scottish leader continues. Ed Miliband due at Scottish Labour dinner as new leader search continues Labour's UK leader Ed Miliband is due to attend a fundraising dinner in Glasgow as the process of finding a new Scottish leader continues.
The event at the Grand Central Hotel will be the first major gathering of Labour members north of the border since the independence referendum.
It also comes in the wake of the sudden resignation of Johann Lamont.
She quit her post on Friday evening accusing the party's leadership of treating Scotland like a branch office.
The 56-year-old said key decisions, including the removal of Scottish Labour general secretary Ian Price, were made without her input.
Responding to Ms Lamont's departure, after nearly three years in the job, Mr Miliband said the Glasgow MSP deserved &quot;significant credit&quot; for the part she played in the successful &quot;No&quot; vote in the Scottish referendum campaign.
Mr Miliband made a number of visits to Scotland ahead of the ballot on Scotland's future in the UK.
He campaigned alongside Ms Lamont and other high-profile politicians, including Jim Murphy MP, who has joined the leadership race.
So far two MSPs - Sarah Boyack and Neil Findlay - have also thrown their hats into the ring.
Mr Miliband is expected to address the annual gala dinner.
On the Scottish Labour website, it says: &quot;The voice of Scottish Labour will be crucial in the debate over Scotland's future, making this year's dinner more important than ever.
&quot;The event attracts a variety of supporters, business people and celebrities, and promises to be an enjoyable evening.&quot;
Scottish Labour is scheduled to announce its new leader on Saturday 13 December.
In the meantime, MP Anas Sarwar has temporarily taken over the reins.
Of the 257 Labour MPs in the House of Commons, 41 represent constituencies in Scotland.
They will contest their seats along with all other MPs at next May's General Election.
Labour also has 38 MSPs in Edinburgh's Holyrood parliament and they will seek re-election in 2016.
Friday, 31 October
Nominations officially open
Tuesday, 4 November
Nominations officially close
Monday, 17 November
Voting gets under way
Saturday, 13 December
New leader elected
 