Adam Rooney's magnificent diving header was enough to send holders Aberdeen past Hamilton Academical into the Scottish League Cup semi-finals.    Rooney 24′  
 Adam Rooney's magnificent diving header was enough to send holders Aberdeen past Hamilton Academical into the Scottish League Cup semi-finals. 
 The Irishman powered home Niall McGinn's free-kick midway through the first half. 
 Accies keeper Michael McGovern produced a string of saves as the Dons put their visitors under sever pressure. 
 Tony Andreu had Hamilton's best chances, denied by Aberdeen stopper Scott Brown on both occasions. 
 And Derek McInnes's side extended their run of shut-outs in the tournament to seven matches. 
 They join Celtic, Dundee United and Rangers in Saturday's semi-final draw. 
 Aberdeen started the game energetically with Rooney leading the line and fellow striker David Goodwillie on the bench. 
 But it was Accies who went close first, Mickael Antoine-Curier sweeping a shot just wide of Brown's post from 18 yards. 
 The home side responded and McGovern was out quickly to block McGinn's shot after the forward had raced on to a Rooney pass. 
 And the two players combined for the opening goal with McGinn's delivery converted by the head of Rooney. 
 The goal fired Aberdeen up and Peter Pawlett's shot from six yards was brilliantly blocked by McGovern. 
 The keeper then pulled off another stunning save, flicking his arm out to turn over after team-mate Martin Canning had deflected a cross towards goal. 
 McGinn was next to go close when Aberdeen broke quickly but he could not keep his effort down. 
 After the restart, Andrew Considine hammered a left-foot swerving shot from 20 yards which McGovern saved brilliantly at his right post. 
 Jonny Hayes was next to be thwarted at the end of a flowing Dons move and Pawlett's drive gave the former Falkirk keeper more work to do. 
 With only one goal in it, Hamilton went in search of an equaliser and Andreu's crisp low shot from 14 yards was met by a fine Brown stop. 
 It was a similar scenario moments later as Brown dived to block a curling Andreu shot. 
 But there was to be no equaliser and Aberdeen return to the semi-final stage, which will take place in the New Year. 
  Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes:  &quot;McGovern played extremely well and kept his team in it. 
 &quot;I'm really pleased that we got the one goal that we scored. It's a great delivery from wee McGinn and a good header from Adam, he sees it a long way and tucks it into the net. 
 &quot;It was a lead that we deserved at that stage. 
 &quot;We thoroughly deserved to win. While the scoreline wasn't emphatic, in terms of chances created it probably was. 
 &quot;They're a difficult team to beat and it needed a strong performance from us and that's exactly what we got. 
 &quot;We're looking forward to that semi-final in January, hopefully we can go into it in good form.&quot; 
  Hamilton Academical player-manager Alex Neil:  &quot;I didn't think we did enough over the piece to go through. 
 &quot;Aberdeen over the course of the 90 minutes were the better side, created more chances and are deservedly through to the next round. 
 &quot;Second half, we got better. For the last half-hour, we were probably slightly the better team, albeit I didn't think we were great. 
 &quot;Our two chances came in that period. Tony Andreu had two good opportunities. 
 &quot;[Michael McGovern] has been great for us all season. If it wasn't for him, Aberdeen would've scored more goals.&quot; 
    Full Time  Match ends, Aberdeen 1, Hamilton Academical 0. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, Aberdeen 1, Hamilton Academical 0. 
 Corner, Hamilton Academical. Conceded by Ash Taylor. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Aberdeen. Barry Robson replaces Niall McGinn. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Hamilton Academical. Andy Ryan replaces Darian MacKinnon. 
 Foul by Andrew Considine (Aberdeen). 
 Grant Gillespie (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Michael Devlin. 
 Attempt saved. Tony Andreu (Hamilton Academical) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Foul by Willo Flood (Aberdeen). 
 Darian MacKinnon (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Willo Flood (Aberdeen). 
 Darian MacKinnon (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Adam Rooney (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Martin Canning (Hamilton Academical). 
 Attempt saved. Tony Andreu (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Foul by Niall McGinn (Aberdeen). 
 Jon Routledge (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Aberdeen. Cameron Smith replaces Peter Pawlett because of an injury. 
 Corner, Hamilton Academical. Conceded by Mark Reynolds. 
 Mark Reynolds (Aberdeen) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Tony Andreu (Hamilton Academical). 
 Adam Rooney (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Tony Andreu (Hamilton Academical). 
 Attempt missed. Darian MacKinnon (Hamilton Academical) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
  Booking  Jon Routledge (Hamilton Academical) is shown the yellow card. 
 Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Jon Routledge (Hamilton Academical). 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Ziggy Gordon. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Hamilton Academical. Jon Routledge replaces Louis Longridge. 
 Attempt saved. Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Ziggy Gordon (Hamilton Academical). 
 Mark Reynolds (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Mickael Antoine-Curier (Hamilton Academical). 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Michael McGovern. 
 Attempt saved. Andrew Considine (Aberdeen) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Ash Taylor (Aberdeen) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Mickael Antoine-Curier (Hamilton Academical). 
 Foul by Jonny Hayes (Aberdeen). 
 Ziggy Gordon (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
   Second Half begins Aberdeen 1, Hamilton Academical 0. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, Aberdeen 1, Hamilton Academical 0. 
 Foul by Jonny Hayes (Aberdeen). 
 Ziggy Gordon (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Hand ball by Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen). 
 Corner, Hamilton Academical. Conceded by Ash Taylor. 
  Booking  Willo Flood (Aberdeen) is shown the yellow card. 
 Foul by Willo Flood (Aberdeen). 
 Ali Crawford (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Ash Taylor (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Tony Andreu (Hamilton Academical). 
 Attempt missed. Niall McGinn (Aberdeen) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top right corner. 
  Booking  Darian MacKinnon (Hamilton Academical) is shown the yellow card. 
 Willo Flood (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Darian MacKinnon (Hamilton Academical). 
 Foul by Andrew Considine (Aberdeen). 
 Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Andrew Considine (Aberdeen). 
 Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Attempt missed. Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Michael McGovern. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Michael McGovern. 
 Attempt saved. Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
  Goal!  Goal! Aberdeen 1, Hamilton Academical 0. Adam Rooney (Aberdeen) header from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Niall McGinn with a cross following a set piece situation. 
  Booking  Grant Gillespie (Hamilton Academical) is shown the yellow card. 
 Shaleum Logan (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Grant Gillespie (Hamilton Academical). 
 Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Darian MacKinnon (Hamilton Academical). 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Michael McGovern. 
 Attempt saved. Niall McGinn (Aberdeen) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Foul by Andrew Considine (Aberdeen). 
 Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Peter Pawlett (Aberdeen). 
 Dougie Imrie (Hamilton Academical) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Ash Taylor (Aberdeen) header from the centre of the box is too high. 
 Corner, Aberdeen. Conceded by Louis Longridge. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 