POLICE are probing a graffiti attack on the luxury home of Rangers director James Easdale Police probe into graffiti on James Easdale’s home Sponsored by
POLICE are probing a graffiti attack on the luxury home of Rangers director James Easdale.

Vandals targeted the 43-year-old’s plush property in Greenock, Inverclyde, earlier this month.
It is understood the words ‘Get Out’ were scrawled on a wall with spray paint, abuse believed to be in response to Mr Easdale’s involvement with the Ibrox club alongside brother and McGill’s buses co-owner Sandy.

• David Somers has been appointed executive chairman of the club on a temporary basis, the Glasgow side have announced to the Stock Exchange.

James Easdale is a director of the Rangers PLC board while his older brother is the chairman of the football board.
Between them they own almost six per cent of shares in the club, but Sandy holds the voting rights for over a quarter of shares, making him a hugely influential figure.
Police were called into to investigate the graffiti incident but no arrests have so far been made.

• Subscribe to our daily newsletter (requires registration) and get the latest news, sport and business headlines delivered to your inbox every morning

A Police Scotland spokesman said: “An incident was reported of some graffiti on the outer wall of a house in Greenock between 12 and 13 October.
“No one has thus far been charged in connection with the incident. Police inquiries are continuing.”
The grafitti has subsequently been removed from the house.
James Easdale is currently the longest-serving Rangers board member following his appointment in July last year. He has a personal stake of 0.7 per cent in the club.
Following his appointment to the board, Mr Easdale said: “As a lifelong Rangers supporter, I am proud and honoured to serve on the board of such a great sporting institution and look forward to helping Rangers Football Club continue its journey back to the top of Scottish football.”

• You can also follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Google +

But the bus tycoon and his older brother Sandy have become increasingly unpopular with a section of the Rangers support.
Newcastle United and Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley recently strengthened his grip on the Ibrox club and won the latest boardroom battle after Rangers accepted his emergency &pound;2 million loan offer.
Chief executive Graham Wallace also tendered his resignation.
Mr Ashley was the Easdales’ preferred choice and he met with the brothers on a number of occasions, including at the McGill’s headquarters in Greenock where he arrived via helicopter.
A spokesman for the Easdale family declined to comment.

 