Former Scotland captain Alastair Kellock will skipper the Barbarians when they take on Australia at Twickenham on Saturday. Alastair Kellock: Ex-Scotland captain skippers Barbarians  Former Scotland captain Alastair Kellock will skipper the Barbarians when they take on Australia at Twickenham on Saturday. 
 The 33-year-old lock has 56 caps for his country and has worn the armband for Glasgow Warriors for nine years. 
 Prop Lourens Adriaanse is on the bench, replacing compatriot Coenie Oosthuizen in the squad after the latter was called up by South Africa. 
 Australia wing Nick Cummins lines up against his former team-mates. 
 New Zealand's Colin Slade is at fly-half after being overlooked for the All Blacks northern hemisphere tour. 
 Kellock was omitted from Vern Cotter's Scotland squad for the autumn Test series, and last played an international against Japan in November 2013. 
 He made his Scotland debut in a defeat by Australia in 2004 and took over as skipper from injured Chris Cusiter during a win over the Wallabies five years later. He continued with the armband during Andy Robinson's time in charge. 
 Commenting on being chosen to lead the Baa-Baas, Kellock said: &quot;You grow up watching these matches and to be invited to be part of it is a big honour. 
 &quot;It's something so many fantastic players have done before and when [head coach] John Kirwan asked me to be the skipper that has just added to the privilege. 
 &quot;There's lots of experience in the side in the likes of Adam Thomson and Matt Stevens, and Colin Slade as vice-captain has been excellent in training in adding so much detail. 
 &quot;The Barbarians is about the old school values of rugby and everything that's good about them as well as a high level of performance, and getting that level of performance right is important.&quot; 
 After Saturday's Test, the Barbarians take on Leicester Tigers on Tuesday. 
 Australia were beaten 29-28 by New Zealand in their last match, after which coach Ewen McKenzie resigned, and Michael Cheika takes charge for the first time at Twickenham. 
 The Wallabies, who have omitted Kurtley Beale from their tour squad, will also face Wales, France, Ireland and England in November. 
  Barbarians team to face Australia:  Tim Nanai Williams (Chiefs); Frank Halai (Blues &amp; New Zealand), Juan de Jongh (Stormers &amp; South Africa), Francis Saili (Blues &amp; New Zealand), Nick Cummins (Coca Cola West Red Sparks &amp; Australia); Colin Slade (Crusaders &amp; New Zealand), Tomas Cubelli (Belgrano Ath &amp; Argentina); Matt Stevens (Sharks &amp; England), James Parsons (Blues), Angus Ta'avao (Blues), Dominic Bird (Canterbury &amp; New Zealand), Alastair Kellock (Glasgow &amp; Scotland), Adam Thomson (Canon Eagles &amp; New Zealand), Matt Todd (Crusaders &amp; New Zealand), Steven Luatua (Blues &amp; New Zealand). 
  Replacements:  Mahonri Schwalger (Chiefs &amp; Samoa), Thomas Du Toit (Sharks), Lourens Adriaanse (Sharks), Heinrich Brussow (Cheetahs &amp; South Africa), Matias Alemanno (La Tablada &amp; Argentina), Sarel Pretorius (Cheetahs), Joaquin Tuculet (Grenoble &amp; Argentina), Marnitz Boshoff (Golden Lions &amp; South Africa). 
 