A paramedic has lost his job and been ordered to carry out community work after admitting to stealing pain relief drugs from an ambulance. Ayrshire paramedic stole pain relief drugs A paramedic has lost his job and been ordered to carry out community work after admitting to stealing pain relief drugs from an ambulance.
Colin Girvan, from Cumnock, took the medication after moving from Ayrshire to Kingussie in the Highlands.
Inverness Sheriff Court heard that the 45 year old took the drugs to cope with the break up of his six-year marriage.
Girvan, who is back living in Ayrshire, was ordered to carry out 240 hours of unpaid work in the community.
The court heard that a colleague became suspicious when Girvan came to his house to ask him for a syringe to administer medication to his dog.
When the technician later checked the ambulance he discovered missing drugs.
At court, Sheriff Margaret Neilson described Girvan's actions as &quot;a gross breach of trust.&quot;
She added it was only his previous good character that prevented him from going to jail. 
Sheriff Neilson said: &quot;It is a pity that your actions have now left you with a criminal record and cost you your job.&quot;
Girvan admitted taking morphine, diazemuls and entenox from the safe in his vehicle and an ambulance base while working in Kingussie between 29 October 2013 and 6 December 2013.
He also admitted stealing a demand valve and tubing from the ambulance. Sentence had been deferred for a background report.
Defence lawyer Willie Young said his client had co-operated fully with the investigation and was &quot;deeply ashamed&quot;.
Mr Young said: &quot;He had been a paramedic for 25 years and had been married for six years, although in a relationship for 18 years previous to that. 
&quot;When his marriage broke up, he was struggling to come to terms with it and moved to take up a job in Kingussie.
&quot;But he was a victim of violence at the hands of his wife's new partner and moved away from his friends and family. 
&quot;However, there was an element of social isolation and he struggled with depression. So he chose to self-medicate.
&quot;He cannot explain why he acted in this fashion and he is genuinely contrite.&quot;
 