GORDON says that the decision to axe school janitors, 'the first point of sporting contact when you arrive at primary school', makes a mockery of the much-vaunted 'legacy' of Glasgow 2014. Gordon Parks: Sacking school jannies exposes the sham of the 'legacy' of the Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games - Gordon Parks - Daily Record JUST when you thought it was safe to make a joke about Glasgow 2014’s legacy – someone goes and sacks the school janny.
It’s all in the name of cuts of course but an East Dunbartonshire Council announcement this week confirmed the good old playground factotum is now a thing of the past.
The humble janny is often the first point of sporting contact when you arrive at primary school.
Mine was called  Mr Bankier and he was referee, coach and  after-hours bodyguard all rolled into one.
He was the guy who opened the gates,  retrieved the ball from the roof and ensured the neighbourhood bully was kept at bay.
Sadly, another unsung hero and crucial cog of grassroots development is no longer a relevance with East Dunbartonshire.
And they’ve even rebranded the job title to the mealy-mouthed ‘mobile site co-ordinator’.
They’re slashing 52 janitors in the area, which is one for every school, and they’ll all be served by just 12 MSCs as they’ll now be known.
School football teams and a variety of  sport-related clubs that are held after the home-time bell will suffer.
It’s not just the janny who is for the chop on  the back of fitness and lifestyle investment commitments made before &pound;563million was forked out to host this summer’s Commonwealth Games.
An inspirational few weeks of sport was to be the trigger to get Scots off their sofas and engage in fitness amid an obesity epidemic – and it looked as though it might work.
But just three months after the budget-busting multi-million pound closing ceremony, hundreds of fitness classes launched  to help Scots get fit have been axed.
More than 200 gym classes at Glasgow Club sports centres across  the city have been cut  amid a statement from Glasgow Life that  would have put the spin class to shame.

The Minister for Commonwealth Games and Sport Shona Robison’s a nice woman but what a lot of guff she spouted before this summer’s  no-expense-spared Games being all about legacy and inclusivity for all.
And it’s being exposed as a sham.
Funding is being cut in sports across the board and if Glasgow was given a penny for every promise made when the city’s bid beat Abuja in 2007 then it would have been a  self-financed affair.
There’s a con trick being conducted in plain sight by politicians and they should be taken to task for using temporary inducements to soften the blow of raiding the public purse.
I’d love to share a coffee with Shona and quiz her on a few sporting matters but sadly I fear her team of advisors would caution against such a scenario.
It’s not only a Scottish Government sham, to be fair, as UK Sport’s funding is tied to success, which is great news if you are one of the few with a penchant for the posh and often elitist extreme minority sports.
The financial equation  is such that the less popular a sport is globally then the greater its  chance of winning medals, hence the greater the financial support.
So Olympic sports such as dressage, rowing, sailing, bobsleigh and luge all enjoyed funding increases for the 2013-2017 period while sports with a more popular appeal are having their funding pulled.
My secondary school janny was called Tam and wouldn’t have known a luge from a lampshade.
I once met him by chance on a train going down to London.
Our paths crossed as we squeezed past each other in the second-class carriage and I asked him where he was off to.
He said: “I’m just aff tae the buffit.”
It was a reassuringly honest remark from a man who was at the heart of extra-curricular sporting activities – he was there to open up and there to shut the door.
It will now be down  to volunteers to fill the  void and good luck to  the Scottish Government with that.
But whoever takes on the role, would the last person to leave please turn out the lights?
TAKE TODAY'S RECORD SPORT QUIZ:

 