DARRAN Murray - who can be seen in our pictures making a Nazi salute - was caught on video with a bottle of Buckfast, shouting obscenities to TV cameras and singing pro-Union songs. Children's home worker arrested after making Nazi salute amid scenes of violence in Glasgow in wake of referendum vote - Daily Record A CARE worker in a children’s home has been arrested after he was seen on video making a Nazi salute amid shameful scenes of violence after the independence referendum.
Darran Murray, a senior residential worker, has been reported to the procurator fiscal and is under investigation.
The 37-year-old was photographed just behind police barricades as officers attempted to separate hundreds of rival supporters in Glasgow’s George Square the night after the poll.
Murray can be seen in our pictures extending his arm in a Nazi salute.
He was caught on video with a bottle of Buckfast, shouting obscenities to television cameras and singing pro-union songs.
Images of the disorder were beamed across the world on TV and social media. Police set up a special unit to investigate.
A police source said: “Darran Murray was one of those we arrested at a later date.
“He was identified and traced as a person we wished to speak to in connection with the scenes of violence and disorder in George Square.
“We said at the time we would trace those responsible for any criminality. As a result several people have been reported to the fiscal.”
The source added: “He was seen, and photographed in national media, engaging in anti-social behaviour during the disturbance.”
A social work source said: “Someone wandering around George Square shouting sectarian remarks while swinging a bottle of Buckfast is not someone we would welcome working with and influencing vulnerable young children.
“We are awaiting the Crown Office decision.”
Murray, who is separated from his wife, is also believed to be under investigation by North Lanarkshire Council. They run Cambusnethan Children’s House in Wishaw, where he works.
The council refused to confirm whether Murray, of Motherwell, was still working.
The six-bed unit provides residential care to vulnerable and special needs youngsters aged eight to 18.
At a home in Motherwell belonging to Murray’s mother, a man refused to answer the door to our reporter. He shouted: “You’ve got the wrong person. He isn’t here.”
A council spokeswoman said: “We can confirm one of our employees is subject to a report to the procurator fiscal in relation to breach of the peace allegations on September 19.
“As this is an ongoing inquiry, it would be inappropriate to comment further.”
A police spokeswoman said: “A 37-year-old man was arrested in connection with an alleged incident on September 19 in Glasgow and a report submitted to the procurator fiscal.”
A Crown Office spokesman said: “The procurator fiscal has received a report concerning a 37-year-old man in connection with an incident said to have occurred in Glasgow on September 19, 2014.
“The report remains under consideration.”
Murray was registered with the Scottish Social Services Council until earlier this month.
They regulate the social services workforce and are phasing in registration of workers in the industry.
But an SSSC spokeswoman said his removal was normal procedure following a new application for registration after a change of job. Murray recently changed roles from basic grade residential worker to senior residential worker.
She said: “The application will then be considered as a new application and we will make a decision about whether or not the person is suitable to register with the SSSC.”
A basic grade worker looks after the physical and mental wellbeing of vulnerable adults and children in care, while a senior worker deals with the children and has the additional role of offering support and guidance to their carers.
The day after the referendum saw Scotland vote No, hundreds of people crowded into George Square with Union supporters and Yes campaigners arguing.
Flares were let off and fighting broke out as police formed a human barricade in an effort to contain people in the square.
Roads were closed and people ordered to stay away as the violence flared.
Six people were arrested that night and police vowed to catch others responsible.
Try your hand at today's news quiz

 