THE iconic building in George Square will be put on the map with a one-of-a-kind light show for singer Labrinth's latest single Let It Be. Glasgow's City Chambers to be lit up with groundbreaking 3D light show ahead of MTV EMAs - Daily Record  GLASGOW'S famous City Chambers will be lit up with a groundbreaking 3D light show ahead of the MTV EMAs . 
Singer Labrinth, MTV and Glasgow City Marketing Bureau will be putting the building on the map and in the spotlight with the one-of-a-kind video mapping light show for Labrinth's latest single Let it Be.
It's the first time the exclusive pioneering new technique will be used on a music video.
Passersby will be able to see the incredible light shoe in George Square on Friday November 7 from 7pm, once an hour on the hour, until midnight and again on Saturday November 8 from 4pm until 11pm.
Simon Cowell signed singer Labrinth is psyched about returning to Scotland in such an innovative way for the MTV EMas.
&nbsp;He said: “When I was thinking of coming back I decided I wanted to make every performance, every show, every music video as extreme as it could be. This video is a way of saying to my Scottish fans, ‘I’m back, let’s do this.’”
Students from The Glasgow School of Art are also being given the chance to be a part of the excitement by putting their own creative spin on a series of animated MTV logos that will become part of the show.
If fans weren’t already excited enough about the EMA being in town, MTV is&nbsp; also inviting Glaswegians to keep their eyes on the Finnieston Crane on the day of the EMA, Sunday November 9 from 4pm.
The iconic structure will also be given the light projection treatment by the MTV team to bring the structure to life in completely new ways and get the city buzzing for the awards, welcoming fans and artists as they arrive for the star-studded show.&nbsp;
The number one selling artist will also be giving fans the chance to get up close and personal and discover what it’s really like to break into the music industry.
 

Labrinth is taking part in the MTV Breaks Pop-up for an intimate acoustic session where he’ll perform stripped back versions of some of his biggest selling singles. He’ll also be in the spotlight to answer questions on the real story behind the music industry.
 The session will run from 1pm-2.15pm on Saturday November 8 at St Judes on Bath Street. Tickets are first come, first served and are available from mtvvoices.com/mtvbreakslabrinth and attendees must be over 18. 
 MTV Breaks helps young adults get their big break in the industry by giving first hand opportunities to be involved in major world-wide events like the EMA. Visit mtv.co.uk for more info. 
Highlights from the projection will also be broadcast around the world across MTV’s social media channels @MTVEMA and&nbsp; #MTVEMA on Twitter and on Instagram or Facebook
 