GLASGOW NOW brings you a list of the best events to give you frights, and smiles, this Halloween. What's happening in Glasgow October 31: We tell you everything you need to know for Halloween - Daily Record WHAT is most scary in Glasgow today?
&nbsp;
 1. The woods! 
A SPECIAL Halloween walk will be held tonight in Easterhouse complete with fire dancers, ghostly storytelling and lanterns through Todds Well wood.
Organised by Forestry Commission Scotland, Paths for All, Seven Lochs Wetland Park and Friends of Provan Hall, this is the second year the free Friday Fright Night will be held. More than 300 people attended last year.
Ros Mills, Commonwealth Woods Walking Development Officer, said: “Todds Well wood provides a great open space for interactive events that can be enjoyed by all the family. We hope to see as many children and families dressed up in frightening costumes and enjoying their local wood that will be lit up with lanterns and torches.”
 For more information on this event, taking place from 5pm until 7pm, visit www.commonwoods.org.uk/events . 
&nbsp;
 2. Contemporary artists! 
THE CCA in Sauchiehall Street is hosting a special spooky symposium on All Hallows’ Eve on magic, the spirit world and the occult.
Running between 7pm and 9pm, the free event will look at ideas relating to art, practice, science and logic, religion and the philosophy of mind.
The speakers will be Samantha Cooper, co-owner of occult shop 23 Enigma and Ladywell in Glasgow, and she will focus on the world of witchcraft on the most magical night of the year, the Great Sabbat of Samhain, or Halloween.
Christine Ferguson, a senior lecturer in Victorian literature at the University of Glasgow, will discuss how contemporary British artists have used visual emblems and performance from past spiritualism.
And Dr Steven Sutcliffe, who is a senior lecturer in the Study of Religion at the University of Edinburgh, will talk about key scenes in the cult classic, The Wicker Man.
&nbsp;
 3. Edinburgh! 
A SURVEY has found Glasgow bride and grooms-to-be are travelling to Edinburgh for stag and hen dos.
When not going an average of 293 miles for a party - apparently to Riga for men and Marbella for women, according to Red7 who carried out the poll - Glaswegians are choosing to party down the road in Scotland’s capital.
Prague, Amsterdam, Barcellon and Magaluf were all popular destinations to prepare for a wedding.
&nbsp;
 4. Moustaches! 
IT’S that time of year again - Movember.
And to mark the annual campaign to raise funds and awareness of the disease, Cancer Support Scotland, Prostate Cancer UK and The Movember Foundation have teamed up to help more men who are affected.
The partnership will allow 120 appointments between now and March at the Glasgow headquarters of Cancer Support Scotland, the Calman Centre, for men with the illness and their partners.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in Scotland and Colin Graham, chief executive of Cancer Support Scotland, said more than 800 men died from prostate cancer every year here.
He said: “Early detection and better treatment means increasing numbers are surviving the illness and although the health services do a fantastic job, there is often a need for more than just medical support in the recovery process.
“Cancer Support Scotland provides a wide range of complementary therapies and demand for them has trebled in the last two years since we moved into the Calman Centre.”
 Anyone wishing to take advantage of the new services should call Cancer Support Scotland on 0141 337 8199, freephone 0800 652 4531, email info@cancersupportscotland.org or visit www.cancersupportscotland.org 
&nbsp;
And finally, perhaps most terrifying of all, Gary Lineker. . .
&nbsp;
 5. Tickets on sale for Sports Personality of the Year 
TICKETS go on sale at 9am on October 31 for the show taking place at the Hydro for its 61st year.
There will be plenty of athletes on show after the best Commonwealth Games ever this summer, as well as the Ryder Cup, the Winter Olympics in Sochi and the World Cup in Brazil.
Hosted by Gary Lineker, Clare Balding and Gabby Logan, the 2014 Sports Personality of the Year will be broadcast on December 14.
Tickets cost &pound;45, &pound;55 and &pound;60 and will be subject to a 10 per cent service charge with a limit of four per person. Children under 16 (﻿minimum age 10 years) must be accompanied by an adult.
Tickets can be purchased online at www.thessehydro.com, by calling the ticket hotline on 0844 395 4000 or in person from the main box office in the SECC. The ticket office is open Monday to Saturday 9am–6pm.
 Visit ﻿ bbc.co.uk/sportspersonality for more information. 
 