Biffy Clyro and Slash fans are demanding answers after no tickets for their MTV show were sold due to major problems with a ticketing website. Biffy Clyro and Slash fans left disappointed as major problems stop sale of tickets for MTV show Biffy Clyro and Slash fans are demanding answers after no tickets for their MTV show were sold due to major problems with a ticketing website.Tickets for the show were supposed to go on sale on TicketWeb at 10am today.However, when fans tried to buy tickets for the show at the O2 Academy on Friday, November 7, they received an error message that stopped them completing their transactions.On their Facebook page, Biffy Clyro said: &quot;Please note: There is a major problem with ticketweb this morning, and due to this no tickets for the MTV show have been sold. We will keep you updated as soon as we find out further information.&quot;Fans on Biffy Clyro's Facebook page reacted angrily to the ticket problems.Jason Pilgrim posted: &quot;So can those that had tickets but couldn't buy them be guaranteed tickets? Total shambles as usual.&quot;Katie Mack said: &quot;So we're just supposed to sit around all day at our computers until they decide they're going to put them on sale in five minutes time, then the site crashes again and not one fan will get tickets - again.&quot;Ross Houghton posted: &quot;Had my two reserved, three times. Timed out each time as unable to process my payment. Seriously hope I'll still be able to get a ticket.&quot;Sale of the tickets has now been postponed until 9am on Monday, November 3.In a statement, Ticketweb said: &quot;The demand for MTV's World Stage show with Biffy Clyro &amp; Slash was simply phenomenal this morning and exceeded all expectations. Unfortunately, we did experience some issues with the payment process and we're really sorry for the inconvenience this caused.&quot;We worked incredibly hard to ensure that we were ready for the on sale, however, this wasn't enough for the popularity of the show this morning. We're working hard to rectify these issues and will update you soon with our progress.&quot;We'd like to clarify that only a handful tickets have been sold. These tickets will be valid and we'll reschedule the on-sale for 9am on Monday, November 3.&quot;More details to come so please keep checking our Facebook, Twitter and blog.&quot;Again, we sincerely apologise for the heartache we caused you this morning. As live music fans ourselves, we know how incredibly frustrating it is.&quot;The show is part of MTV Music Week, which will culminate in the EMAs at the Hydro on Sunday, November 9. 