GLASWEGIAN members of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth Association (AMYA) will be collecting for the Poppy Appeal at city locations on Sunday. Poppy Appeal Glasgow: Youth Muslim organisation to take to city streets this weekend to raise funds - Daily Record YOUNG Muslim Glaswegians are teaming up with the Royal British Legion and Poppy Scotland this weekend to raise money for the fifth year for the armed forces, veterans and their families.
Members of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth Association (AMYA) will be in St Enoch Square and outside Morrisons in Partick on Sunday collecting for the Poppy Appeal as part of a UK-wide campaign.
More than 200 volunteers from AMYA raised funds at Wembley in October and Glasgow organisers said they are keen to do their part.
Ahmed Owusu-Konadu, a Glasgow youth leader from the AMYA Scotland, said honouring those who fought to defend and safeguard the country is an important principle of Islam and of peace.
He said: “One of the fundamental teachings of Islam in the Holy Quran is that the reward for goodness is nothing but goodness.
“Our country has provided us with so many opportunities and the soldiers have made many sacrifices to ensure that it continues to do so. We are duty bound to help those brave and selfless heroes in our own capacity. So this is our own small way of showing appreciation to our heroes and our love for our country.”
The Royal British Legion declared November 1 as “The Ahmadiyya Muslim Poppy Appeal Day” to acknowledge their contribution.
Deborah Armantrading, at legion, said: “AMYA have been crucial in raising funds for the Royal British Legion’s Poppy Appeal for several years participating in mass collections all over the UK, not only providing us with a significant number of volunteer collectors who raised a amazing total of &pound;8,500 for the appeal this year.
“The legion are extremely pleased with the enthusiasm and commitment from all of the volunteers. Also we enjoy working with AMYA as they are dedicated and passionate about their charity work, and the Poppy Appeal would not be the same without their help.”
The AMYA will be in St Enoch Square and at Morrisons in Partick from 10am to 4pm on Sunday, November 2.
 