War veteran Tom Rennie is to receive Russian medal of honour after helping to supply allied forces with vital supplies during the Second World War. Russian Embassy to visit to Arctic convoy hero Tom Rennie in hospital to present prestigious service medal - Daily Record An envoy from the Russian Embassy is to visit a 90-year-old Dreghorn war veteran in hospital to award him a medal for his bravery.
The honour is awarded to soldiers and sailors for bravery and courage displayed while defending Russian interests.
During the Second World War, Tom Rennie was part of the merciless Arctic convoy missions, which ferried vital supplies to the Russian allied forces.
The Russian Embassy said the convoys allowed Russian soldiers to defeat the Germans on the Eastern Front. Wartime Prime Minister Winston Churchill described the mission as “the worst journey in the world”.
Tom’s wife Mari initially received a call from the embassy, explaining that Vladimir Putin had given permission in March for the medal to be granted to UK servicemen in recognition of their service to the country.
She said: “The man I spoke to said it would be an honour to present the Ushakov medal to Tom, and asked if he would be able to attend a presentation in Glasgow or Edinburgh.
“I said to him that Tom is currently in hospital waiting on physio treatment and so he wouldn’t be able to make it. The gentleman insisted that he would seek permission for the medal to be presented to Tom in hospital, adding ‘considering what Tom went through to provide us with food and supplies during the war, it’s the least we can do’.”
The Ushakov medal, created by the Russians in 1944, was named in honour of Russian admiral Fyodor Ushakov who never lost a battle and was later proclaimed patron saint of the Russian Navy.
Tom’s latest medal follows the award of the Arctic Star earlier this year during a presentation ceremony at HMS Gannet naval base in Monkton. Fellow Dreghorn resident, Donald McKinnon, was also decorated with the star for his service on the convoy missions.
The war veteran is currently in Crosshouse Hospital awaiting a bed at Prestwick’s Briggart Hospital to receive physio treatment for a stroke he suffered late last year.
Mari said: “He’s been having a time of it of late, but I’m absolutely delighted to know that Tom is to be awarded the Ushakov medal. The convoy missions have rightly been described as hellish, and all those who served are extremely deserving of this medal that recognises their courage and bravery.”
The Arctic convoys were made up of vessels which travelled from Britain to northern Russia to resupply the Soviet Union during the Second World War.
Under constant threat of attack by German U-boats and aircraft, the craft also had to deal with severe cold, storms, and ice floes. By May 1945, the Arctic route had claimed 104 merchant and 16 military vessels. Thousands of Allied seamen lost their lives.
 