Andrew Chilton was on trial at Paisley Sheriff Court, charged with causing the death of 20-year-old Derek Torrance by driving carelessly Trucker cleared of tragic Derek's death - Daily Record A truck driver walked free from court yesterday after he was cleared of killing a young pedestrian in Paisley town centre.
Andrew Chilton was on trial at Paisley Sheriff Court, charged with causing the death of 20-year-old Derek Torrance by driving carelessly.
The trial heard Mr Torrance stood no chance of surviving as he was knocked to the ground in Gauze Street and the wheels of the HGV lorry being driven by Chilton ran over him twice.
However, it took a jury just a few hours to find the charge against 37-year-old Chilton not proven.
Giving evidence, Chilton maintained he had been keeping a proper lookout but hadn’t seen Mr Torrance on the roadway prior to impact.
Mr Torrance was making his way home from an early-morning shift at the IKEA store in Renfrew, where he worked as a cleaner, when his life was cut short.
Bus driver Stephen Craig, who stopped his vehicle to go to Mr Torrance’s aid, told the jury how he found him lying underneath the tailgate of the lorry after both the front and rear nearside wheels had run over him.
Mr Craig said: “I called 999 and was bawling and shouting at them to hurry up.
“I felt as if the guy was dying in front of me.”
He added that, by the time paramedics arrived, there was nothing that could be done to save Mr Torrance, who was a former pupil at Castlehead High School and had studied catering at Reid Kerr College.
Mr Craig said he had witnessed the impact as the truck driven by Chilton pulled out of Smithhills Street and turned left into Gauze Street at around 9.40am on February 16, 2012.
He told the jury the truck hit Mr Torrance “about knee height,” knocked him to the ground and the front wheels went over him.
“The truck kept its momentum going and the back end went up as the rear wheels went over him too,” added Mr Craig.
“I stopped and left the cab as soon as I could.
“I went underneath the back of the truck. He looked young but he was in a terrible state.
“He was still breathing at that point and it was as if he was trying to talk.
“There was blood coming out of his mouth.
“The truck driver appeared and said ‘aw f**k, what have I done. Aw f**k, no.’”
Chilton, of Glasgow, denied driving carelessly, failing to keep a proper lookout or to observe Mr Torrance, causing his vehicle to strike him, whereby he was dragged under the HGV and fatally injured.
He told the jury he could provide no explanation as to why he hadn’t seen Mr Torrance on the roadway.
Chilton added: “It’s preyed on my mind for two and a half years.”
He also said that, when he realised what had happened, he felt “shocked and scared.”
Chilton stressed he had been checking his mirrors before emerging from the junction but, when questioned by depute fiscal Douglas Hamilton, denied he had possibly been concentrating too much on making sure the rear end of his vehicle wouldn’t strike the kerb.
Referring to Mr Torrance’s death, Chilton said: “It’s something I will have to learn to live with for the rest of my life.”
 