A 20-year-old man has been seriously injured in a slash attack in Clydebank - the second such incident to happen in the town in the past four weeks. Man seriously injured in second Clydebank slash attack A 20-year-old man has been seriously injured in a slash attack in Clydebank - the second such incident to happen in the town in the past four weeks.
The victim was standing with a friend in Orbiston Drive when he was slashed across the face by another man who also attempted to attack his friend.
The suspect made off following the incident at about 19:20 on Wednesday.
Police said it was too early to say if it was connected to a similar incident last month in Faifley Road.
Det Insp David Moran said: &quot;This is the second attack of this nature in the past few weeks but it is too early to say whether or not there is any connection between the incidents. 
&quot;The victim has still to be fully interviewed and a motive to be established.
&quot;There is a possibility that the suspect got into a dark-coloured vehicle after the attack but this has not been confirmed.&quot; 
The suspect is described as a white male, in his late teens to early 20s, about 6ft to 6ft 2in tall and of skinny build. 
At the time of the attack he was wearing a dark windproof jacket with a brand mark on the left chest. The hood was up and his face was partially obscured. 
Det Insp Moran appealed to anyone who was in the area of Orbiston Drive or Swallow Road after 19:15 on Wednesday, or anyone who recognised a description of the suspect, to come forward.
He added: &quot;This was a residential area and officers are conducting door-to-door inquiries. I would ask for the co-operation of the local community in helping identify the person responsible.&quot;
Following the attack, the victim contacted emergency services and was taken to Glasgow's Western Infirmary and then transferred to the Southern General Hospital. 
He was released after treatment but was said to have &quot;suffered serious injuries&quot; as a result of the attack.
 