ED MILIBAND has issued a rallying cry, but Scottish Labour is in turmoil and polls putting SNP on 52 per cent marks the end of a terrible week for the party. Record View: Labour crumbling without leadership or direction like dark days of 80s humiliation - Record View - Daily Record NOT since the dark days of the 1980s have Labour been in such a mess.
Back then, Michael Foot led the party to a humiliating 1983 defeat by Margaret Thatcher.
Then his replacement Neil Kinnock had to take on the scourge of Labour’s enemy within: the backstabbing Militant Tendency.
The party did not die. But all these years later, they have never looked in such disarray in Scotland.

Johann Lamont’s exit last Friday was the beginning of a terrible week for the party.
Last night, her deputy Anas Sarwar joined her in quitting – just as an opinion poll put the SNP on 52 per cent compared with a paltry 23 per cent for Labour ahead of next year’s general election.
And all this on the day Ed Miliband arrived in Glasgow for what was supposed to have been an upbeat Labour fundraiser.
Who could have predicted Labour would be in this position – leaderless in Scotland and scrapping among themselves – just one month after being on the winning side of the referendum campaign?

While Labour fight each other, the SNP are busy presenting themselves as Scotland’s party of social justice – even though they back a cut in corporation tax for the wealthiest big businesses.
There’s nothing equitable about slashing tax rates for multinational firms but Labour are not getting that message through to their disaffected core voters.
Nor did the SNP back Labour’s progressive plan for a higher 50 per cent tax rate for Britain’s biggest earners.
But again, that Labour message isn’t getting through the SNP’s wall of noise.
Labour have delivered every major advance won by working people since World War II – the welfare state, the minimum wage and the precious NHS.
But that will count for nothing if the Scottish party cannot regroup – and fast.
If it wasn’t clear before, it’s definitely clear now …
Whoever takes over as Labour’s Scottish leader has a massive fight on their hands.

THE bus firm collapse we report in today’s paper is a direct example of what happens when an important public service is entrusted to the free market.
Thousands of passengers left stranded waiting for nonexistent buses. More than 100 bus drivers facing the dole in the run-up to Christmas.
The SNP had plans to propely re-regulate bus services after privatisation by the Tories devastated rural and loss-making services.
But the plans were dropped from their 2007 manifesto – presumably to avoid offending Brian Souter, the multi-millionaire SNP donor of bus firm Stagecoach.
If new First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is serious about governing for all of Scotland, then she should put those plans into action.
&nbsp;
 