WITH just an acoustic guitar for company, the talented singer-songwriter impressed fans with his distinctive style as he worked his way through tunes taken from his albums + and X. Ed Sheeran wows Scots fans with show-stopping performance at Glasgow's SSE Hydro - Daily Record DWARFED by the giant SSE Hydro stage with just an acoustic guitar for company, it's pretty obvious why Ed Sheeran has become one of the success stories of British pop music in recent years.
The former busker and talented singer-songwriter with the distinctive style was packing out tents at festivals such as Belladrum even before his debut single A Team had properly stormed the charts back in 2011.
Now one of the UK’s biggest musical acts – big enough to sell out two Glasgow SSE Hydro arena shows and his entire UK tour – the excitement around his arrival in Scotland for the twin dates has been mounting.
And the feeling was clearly mutual.
&quot;I actually spent a helluva lot of time up in your beautiful country,&quot; Sheeran said.
&quot;I wrote most of the last album up here and some of the songs for my next album in Scotland. There's a couple of things I love about your beautiful country. One is the Highland views and the other is the Whisky. You can't see it but I actually have an Aberfeldy Whisky tattoo.&quot;
There’s no need for big costume changes and razzamatazz when your entire act centres on the songs themselves and the musicianship and songs such as I’m A Mess, from his second album X, prove there’s substance and message in spades.
&quot;Glasgow, how you feeling?&quot; he asked before launching into Lego House. He told the crowd, &quot;I've always believed the further north you go the better the show is. Glasgow Barrowlands was the best show on the last tour and I am so looking forward to the next two nights at the SSE Hydro. What a venue. The deal is that I want everyone to leave without a voice.&quot;
Inviting the audience to join in and with just the acoustic guitar, loop pedal and giant screens for accompaniment, the 23-year old worked his way through tunes taken from his albums + and X, most of which have become familiar to the masses thanks to their radio friendly nature and subsequent blanket airplay.
Those included rap track Take It Back, during which he clutched a saltire flag, Give Me Love and I See Fire and ballads Thinking Out Loud and the folky Tenerife Sea.
The A Team, of course, remains one of hits biggest hits and got the singalong it deserved as did Drunk.
And Sheeran was in the mood to stray from his set list, performing Francis McPeake's folk song Wild Mountain Thyme, based on&nbsp; Scottish poet Tannahill's The Braes of Balquhither which he told the SSE Hydro crowd he hadn't performed in two years.
Following with Thinking Out Loud, he said: &quot;I'm going to have my second No1 on Sunday which is very surreal for me because none of my songs from the first album made it to the top of the charts and this one has been in the charts for 19 weeks&quot;
By now it was clear the ginger-haired kid with the checked shirt and jeans had bucked every trend in the book.
 