THEIR company McGill’s Buses said they had taken over 13 contracts covering 41 routes previously run by rivals Henderson Travel. Rangers directors James and Sandy Easdale step in to save 120 jobs after Hamilton bus firm goes bust - Daily Record Rangers directors James and Sandy Easdale stepped in last night to safeguard jobs after a bus firm ceased trading.
Their company McGill’s Buses said they had taken over 13 contracts covering 41 routes previously run by rivals Henderson Travel.
McGill’s are in talks with around 120 Henderson Travel drivers and are offering them work.
 Strathclyde Passenger Transport said Henderson had 20 contracts with them and had breached the terms of their  contract by not providing services yesterday. 
SPT used emergency powers to offer the contract to another operator.

McGill’s managing director Ralph Roberts said: “The Henderson buses were not going out tomorrow and people were going to be left stranded. We are going to operate the contracts tomorrow and make sure people get from A to B.
“These contracts will be under emergency powers and will usually be for one to three months, then they go back out to tender.”
Sandy Easdale said his team had been able to move very fast to save jobs. He added: “This is part of McGill’s continued growth strategy.”
Henderson Travel, based in Hamilton, ran services across the west of Scotland but it is understood they have ceased trading and administrators will be appointed.
The company ran SPT’s school contracts in South Lanarkshire and other services in areas including Hamilton, Glasgow and East Kilbride.
SPT said they had not been formally contacted by Henderson Travel.
A spokeswoman added: “They are in breach of contract with us. Under emergency powers, we have offered the contract out to another operator.
“We are reviewing it on a day-to-day basis.”
Before McGill’s intervened, 125 Henderson staff were facing redundancy.
Driver Jim Boyd said: “Our depot controller told our guys on Wednesday there is no more company and to bring the buses in.
“We now have more than 100 drivers wondering where they stand.”
Try your hand at our news quiz

 