Working mums say their commute from Wishaw to Glasgow will become a nightmare - thanks to December’s rail timetable changes. Several readers contacted us following a recent story on faster railways between the town and the city. Wishaw trains: timetable changes 'nightmare' slammed by working mums - Daily Record Working mums say their commute from Wishaw to Glasgow will become a nightmare - thanks to December’s rail timetable changes.
Several readers contacted us following a recent story on faster railways between the town and the city.
One woman said: “I’m a working Wishaw mum who drops her child at school and then rushes to the train station to catch the 8.23am train to Glasgow.
“When on time, it arrives in Glasgow Central at 8.50am, allowing me to arrive at my work just in time for my 9am start to the day.
“So what shall I do from December 14 - drop my child at school before 8am in order to catch the 8.07am train or approach my employer and ask to start work at 9.30am as the next train is not until 8.37am?”
The mum, who asked us not to name her, added: “Also, the train times in the morning have increased from around 27 minutes to 37 minutes. The way home is not much better. We currently have a 5.07pm train now being replaced by a 5.20pm train since not many commuters can reach Glasgow Central for 5.02pm. Even I can’t sprint that fast!”
Another local woman, Vicky Burns, fired off emails to ScotRail managing director Steve Montgomery and Transport Minister Keith Brown MSP, but had yet to receive a reply by Tuesday.
“Being a commuter who pays &pound;1128 for an annual ticket, I feel that our commute to work has undoubtedly not been taken into consideration by ScotRail,” she stated.
“Having been a rail commuter to Glasgow for almost 20 years, I can honestly say this is the biggest change that has ever taken place.
“For Mr Montgomery to say that the new timetable will feature significant enhancements which reflect all the good work ScotRail is doing clearly shows that he has very little respect for the commuters who pay peak prices and line their pockets. I know of several commuters who are also enraged by the new timetable.”
Andrew Hill, of ScotRail’s customer relations has replied to the first woman who contacted us, telling her: “The ad-hoc nature of the current stopping points on the route have been continually complained about - where passengers assume trains call at a station ‘because they do at other points during the day’. The majority of trains have improved journey times and improved connectivity, but there are a few services that take slightly longer due to the implementation of the more simplified timetable where some additional stops have been added.
“In addition to the standard hour structure of the service, there are also frequency improvements - particularly at Carluke and Wishaw, which now have quarter-hourly services for the first time in the key peak hour.
“These frequency improvements and increased numbers of seats give our passengers on most occasions much greater choice of when they travel to best meet their needs.
“I can only apologise we cannot exactly meet yours when these changes are implemented.”
 