IT'S been 20 years since Bis released their first single, Kill Yr Boyfriend, and as the band tell Rick Fulton, it's not all been plain sailing, even in their heyday. Bis reunion marks 20 year anniversary of debut single with new music, headline shows, albums and nostalgia - Daily Record NINETIES indie pop trio Bis are back with a bang.
The Scots outfit release a new single on Monday, an anthology on November 10, reissue their first three albums in December and will play three headline gigs at the start of 2015.
Not a bad way to celebrate the 20th anniversary of debut single Kill Yr Boyfriend.
Not that the trio – Steven Clark (Sci-fi Steven), brother John (John Disco) and Amanda MacKinnon (Manda Rin) – actually realised it was such a milestone.
But then this is a group who, despite missed opportunities, a lack of appreciation and some dogged DIY ideals, played Top of the Pops before being signed.
They then joined the Beastie Boys’ label, supported Foo Fighters, wrote the theme tune to animated series The Powerpuff Girls and were voted in the top 20 greatest Scots bands of all time.
Manda, 37, laughed: “We appeared to have got the timing wrong with everything.
“We released Eurodisco just before the charts started getting heavy with that kind of thing.
“But we are proud that people remember us and still love us. Who won The X Factor in 2011? And will anyone remember them 20 years from now?”
Bis fans certainly never forget. There has been an International Bis Day and fans have had tattoos of the trio’s faces on their bodies.
 

Their tune Kandy Pop was listed in NME’s top 100 Britpop tunes of the 90s and they influenced a diverse group of acts from The Cribs and CSS to Chvrches, while Manda inspired a generation of indie girls to wear plastic hairgrips.
But it almost imploded before it began.
The trio had formed Bis at Woodfarm High School and Manda and Steven started dating. But a week before their biggest moment – an appearance on Top of the Pops – the pair split. Some bands would have called it a day and missed their big moment.
Manda said: “We did it the opposite way. Most bands start out really liking each other and fall out but we couldn’t stand each other when we started.
“Steven and me split up during our first big tour and a week before we were asked on Top of the Pops in 1996.”
Sitting in Record HQ and laughing about it now, Steven, 38, takes up the story.
He said: “We didn’t speak to each other that often around that time but we had to get over it and we managed to stay together despite the circumstances.”
Manda said: “It’s a shame we never enjoyed being together for a long time. It took us ages to go out for a meal together before a gig. But we have gone on and become really good friends.”
Bis began with the brothers who did their first demo in 1991 when Steven was 14 and John 11. Amanda, who was also at their school, bought it for &pound;2.
Liking the music and Steven’s penchant for a Blur T-shirt, she joined the group and eventually started dating the older Clark.
  &nbsp;
The trio bonded on early Britpop. Their first gig was seeing Suede at Glasgow’s Plaza Ballroom in 1993, followed by Blur, the band who most influenced the group.
Amanda’s first gig in Bis was at the old 13th Note in Glasgow in 1993. She said: “It was so scary. I remember purposely putting my keyboard behind the pillar.”
She didn’t sing then but after writing Kill Yr Boyfriend, she started co-fronting the band.
The song would become their debut single in 1994 after Spaniard Jes&uacute;s Llorente from Acuarela Records bought one of Steven’s fanzines (he and Manda both liked to make their own) and offered to put it out as a seven-inch single, which Manda said “was our absolute dream”.
Thinking they may never get another chance to release anything, they did the single with a gatefold sleeve and put five tracks under the EP Transmissions on the Teen-C Tip!
With its sleeve picture of a baby on a potty and the cartoon drawings by Manda of the trio it was very different from Wet Wet Wet, whose Love Is All Around dominated 1994.
Steven left school claiming he was going to be a full-time musician. John was still just 15.
Another EP, Disco Nation 45, followed the next year. It was the second single to be released by newly created label Chemikal Underground. They also released The Secret Vampire Soundtrack in 1996, which included Kandy Pop.
Bis got a publishing deal and went on tour with Super Furry Animals.
Two weeks before its release, Top of the Pops called to say they wanted Bis on to do Kandy Pop, alongside Gina G, Cast and Robert Miles. They were heralded as the first unsigned act to appear. Of course, they weren’t but it’s stuck.
 

Manda said: “It was the right song at the right moment and it’s created a lasting impact.”
Kandy Pop charted the next week and the trio went back on the BBC show. Steven said: “It is some people’s punk rock moment seeing us on Top of the Pops. We should have re-recorded Kill Yr Boyfriend to follow Kandy Pop because they sound similar but instead we did one with me singing.
“It was the first of many decisions that possibly worked against us.”
Rather than releasing a couple more hooky electro indie anthems like Kandy Pop, they released two more EPs and then a debut album, The New Transistor Heroes, that had none of their previous singles on it and took a year to write and record.
But other musicians liked what they heard and saw and in 1997, the trio supported diverse acts including Foo Fighters, Garbage, Pavement in America and Gary Numan.
Steven said: “Foo Fighters were interesting. We were coined off in Newport. But mid-set Dave Grohl said to the crowd, ‘You having a good time?’. They were like ‘Yeah’ and he said, ‘Guys, not talking to you, I’m talking to Steven’. A lovely gesture.”
Manda added: “Dave bought Kinder eggs to our dressing room.”
Bis were big in Japan and US labels began battling for their signatures. The teenagers were put up in the famous Sunset Marquis in LA.
Manda said: “I so regret how we were. I used to just eat pizza, cheese on toast or chips.
“I remember going to a beautiful Japanese place and asked for chips.”
 

After some major schmoozing by Seymour Stein (he signed the Ramones, Talking Heads and Madonna) and Mo Ostin (he signed Jimi Hendrix, The Beach Boys, Prince and Red Hot Chili Peppers), they went with the Beastie Boys.
That meant the group hanging about Mike D’s house and John, then 17, jamming with MCA. Steven said: “We idolised them. Their sound was diverse, they had their own label and ran their own magazine – it’s what we wanted to do.”
The hip hop pioneers stuck with Bis too and released three albums and a mini album on their Grand Royal label.
Things were looking up. Craig McCracken asked them to write the theme tune to his Powerpuff Girls animated series.
Bis’s second album came in 1999 and was very different to the synth punk of their debut. Social Dancing is best known for Eurodisco. But again they made a misstep. Steven said: “Outside Scotland, Eurodisco is probably our best known song but we didn’t do anything else like it on the album so had nothing to follow it up with.”
The album bombed and their third, Return to Central, despite being the one they are most proud of, failed to chart in 2001.
The trio split in 2003 and re-formed with a bassist and drummer in new band Data Panik in 2005, in an attempt to carry on without the weight of Bis.
But fans didn’t take to the idea. The group re-formed in 2007 for their 10th anniversary and this year released fourth album Data Panik Etcetera, music from their Data Panik days.
 

They are hoping the anthology release and re-issues will lead to more Bis music and gigs. Steven runs The Sparkle Horse pub in Glasgow, John, 36, is a web developer in Inverness and Manda has her badge company Wee Badgers and also deals with multiple sclerosis with quiet determination.
She said: “Winter is always a bad time for me. It’s a scary time. But you can’t worry or put things off. You just have to go for it.”
It would be great to see them at next year’s T in the Park given it would be the 21st anniversary of their debut single.
Many of the songs, including the third album, will be available digitally for the first time.
Steven added: “We hope we can continue to inspire fans who are obsessed by our band. We weren’t people’s third or fourth favourite, we were their No1. It’s a devotion that stays with them to this day.”

 