As North Ayrshire Council presses ahead with plans to build a new leisure centre in Irvine's town centre, campaigners call on business owners to join their cause "before it's too late". Irvine Magnum campaigners urge Harbourside businesses to help save leisure centre - or risk a crippling decline in trade - Daily Record Harbourside businesses have been urged to help save the Magnum Leisure Centre – or else face a crippling decline in trade.
That was the warning issued this week by campaigners who insist that the Magnum’s closure could be catastrophic for Irvine’s economy.
North Ayrshire Council is currently pressing ahead with plans to build a new &pound;20 million leisure centre in the town’s High Street, which council bosses say will help to rejuvenate the local economy and attract around one thousand additional visitors per week.
Following the resolution by Scottish Government ministers to allow Jail Close – a thoroughfare adjacent to the proposed new centre site – to remain a public right of way, planners are keen to have the leisure centre up and running as soon as possible.
Speaking to the Irvine Herald this week, ex-Glasgow City planner and Magnum campaigner Crawford Fulton insisted any decision to close the current Magnum and establish a smaller venue in the town centre was “madness”.
He said: “The closure of the Magnum will have a negative impact upon local businesses and jobs, this view has been expressed to me by three local business people, all of whom have noted a surge in demand for their services when special events are held at this venue.
“I would go further, I view the presence of indoor leisure facilities in the Harbourside area as being vital to the economic success of Irvine. All of the town’s nearby coastal competitors (Largs, Saltcoats, Troon and Ayr) have indoor leisure facilities within a stone’s throw of their beaches; the proposed closure of the Magnum will see such facilities being relocated to the southern end of the High Street.”
He went on: “Why does this matter? Imagine that you are a parent with young children visiting Irvine for the first time by train; you go down to the beach and suddenly it begins to rain. You want to find something with which to entertain the kids, and they don’t want to see the Scottish Maritime Museum. If you know that the proposed leisure centre exists, you are then faced with a 30 minute walk to the town centre.
“Does anybody seriously believe that this parent will enjoy the prospect of dragging their children for one and a half miles in a downpour? Does anybody honestly think that this person will then tell all their friends that Irvine is a ‘wonderful place to visit, with great facilities for all the family, within easy reach of the beach’? No, in future, that person will go elsewhere and advise their friends, work colleagues and family to do the same.
 

Mr Fulton admitted that, while Irvine has a number of attractions, the town has no “god-given right” to attract visitors and that council bosses would need to utilise resources if they hoped to swell tourist numbers.
He said: “We need to ensure that our greatest assets, the Harbourside, Beach Park and beach area, has a variety of features which will attract visitors and serve the needs of both the people of Irvine and those of North Ayrshire and beyond – an indoor leisure centre must be part of this mix.
“We already have one. Its repair and refurbishment would be much cheaper than the two replacements which are now being proposed (one at the Townhouse, the other at East Road). Surely it makes sense, especially with council budgets being under such severe pressure, to choose the most cost-effective option, which, happily, is also the most beneficial to the town.
“The council’s priority should be the retention and renewal of Irvine’s most iconic building; not for Irvinites, but for the population of the West of Scotland, as far away as Coatbridge and Carluke, for whom the Magnum is better known than the town in which it is located – these are our customers.”
Ian Wallace, who formed part of the campaign delegation at the public inquiry in June, told the Herald it was “incredible” that some of the respondents to the council’s ‘Vision for Irvine’ draft strategy said Irvine was in need of facilities such as a cinema and an ice rink – facilities that were previously available at the Magnum.
He added: “Our campaign is still firmly of the belief that the council is making a big mistake by building a small sports centre in the town centre and the resultant traffic chaos it will cause. The development of the harbour area is part of the council’s vision for Irvine and we hope to hear from more Harbourside businesses with regard to their knowledge of what the council is proposing for the area and what impact they will have on trade.”
Buoyed by what they see as a victory decision over Jail Close, Magnum campaigners are adamant that they will continue the fight to save the iconic centre, which was build in the 1970s.
It is understood that suggestions have been made to form a ‘community takeover group’, which would exist to franchise parts of the Magnum – but campaigners stressed that such a move would be a last resort, and that the suggestion came about during a brainstorming session. Nevertheless, it is thought that a number of business figures in the town would be interested in the idea of taking over areas of the leisure centre.
Campaigner Rosemary Byrne echoed calls for Harbourside businesses to get behind the fight to save the Magnum. She believes local traders could lose out especially if large events such as Gymfest – which attracts thousands of people over one weekend – are no longer able to hold events at the leisure centre.
She said: “Businesses in close proximity to the Magnum need to realise that if the Magnum closes there will be no turning back and the impact from that could be very significant.
“A few businesses in the area have ben extremely supportive of our campaign, and as the Jail Close decision shows, when people get behind a cause in numbers, we can shape our own vision of what we would like to see happening in Irvine.
“But if the campaign fails to generate greater support in the coming months, it may be that people will come to regret the closure of the Magnum in favour of a much smaller centre with fewer facilities, but by then it’ll be too late.”
 