Dundee United hope to have Gary Mackay-Steven in their squad for the visit of St Mirren.  Coverage: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland &amp; BBC Sport website
 Dundee United hope to have Gary Mackay-Steven in their squad for the visit of St Mirren. 
 The winger went off with an ankle knock during the midweek win over Hibernian in the Scottish Legue Cup. 
 St Mirren midfielder John McGinn is a doubt for the trip to Tannadice after picking up a knock behind the knee. 
 Striker Steven Thompson, midfielder Isaac Osbourne, winger Gregg Wylde and defender Ellis Plummer remain sidelined. 
  Dundee United manager Jackie McNamara:  &quot;It's another big game. We knew at the start of the week what was at stake and it was a good result that we got down at Hibs in the cup. 
 &quot;We know where we are in the table and what might happen if we win. We can only focus on ourselves and hope for a positive result. 
 &quot;That's how we approach every game and this one will be no different. The lads are looking forward to the game and it's just a case of trying to get as much recovery as possible from the Hibs game during the week. 
 &quot;The ideal scenario is always to play well and get the three points. But we know St Mirren won't be easy opponents at all. 
 &quot;They have had some good results this season and are dangerous in certain areas. 
 &quot;We need to watch for that and hopefully our own good play can come to the fore and we can get the result we want.&quot; 
  St Mirren manager Tommy Craig:  &quot;Obviously we have a disappointing accumulation of points. 
 &quot;We have eight points from 11 games, which is really poor reading. The consolation is no-one has battered us. 
 &quot;The one team who did deserve to win over 90 minutes was Accies, in our first home game of the season. 
 &quot;Apart from that, we have been on the cusp of getting a result in every other game. 
 &quot;We are getting to where we want to get to, but putting the ball in the back of the net has been our Achilles heel. 
 &quot;It is not as if we are not making chances. We scored a couple last week but then conceded two. 
 &quot;We have had four 1-0 defeats, which is disappointing because, even if you take three draws out of that, it takes you away from where we are. 
 &quot;So we must do better in the second round of games. It is as simple as that.&quot; 
 