Niko Matawalu scored the only try as Glasgow Warriors returned to Pro12 action with victory over Treviso. Pro12: Glasgow Warriors 17-9 Treviso Glasgow Warriors (11) 17
Try: Matawalu Pens: Horne 4
Treviso (6) 9
Pens: Hayward 3
 Niko Matawalu scored the only try as Glasgow Warriors returned to Pro12 action with victory over Treviso. 
 The scrum-half claimed the game's first points with an early score. 
 Peter Horne kicked four successful penalties, with the boot of Jayden Hayward putting Treviso's points on the board. 
 But the visitors ended with 14 men after substitute prop Albert Anae was red-carded for an off-the-ball incident. 
 Glasgow, who maintained their winning start to the European Champions Cup with victory over Montpellier last week, stay in touch with Pro12 leaders Ospreys, victors over Connacht. 
 Horne missed a penalty before Ryan Wilson and Leone Nakarawa combined to set up Matawalu for the opening score. Horne's conversion attempt was wide. 
 Horne and Hayward each notched two penalties before half-time and Treviso started the second period a man light due to Michele Campagnaro's sin-binning. 
 Fly-half Horne missed a penalty and Hayward brought Treviso back to within two points with his next effort but could not put them ahead after Nakarawa had been penalised for handling in a ruck. 
 Horne added two more penalties and Anae's dismissal made the visitors' task all the more difficult. 
  Glasgow:  Murchie, Jones, Vernon, Downey, van der Merwe, Horne, Matawalu, Grant, MacArthur, de Klerk, Ryder, Nakarawa, Strauss, Fusaro, Wilson. 
  Replacements:  McConnell for Matawalu (78), Hall for MacArthur (56), Bordill for Ryder (71), Eddie for Wilson (56). Not Used: Allan, Fagerson, Braid, Hughes. 
  Benetton Treviso:  Hayward, Ragusi, Campagnaro, Bacchin, Nitoglia, Christie, Lucchese, Zanusso, Giazzon, Manu, Vallejos, van Zyl, Favaro, Zanni, Minto. 
  Replacements:  Ambrosini for Lucchese (61), Anae for Zanusso (58), Harden for Manu (41), Lazzaroni for Zanni (71). Not Used: Kudin, Luamanu, Barbini, Morisi. Sin Bin: Campagnaro (36). Sent off: Anae (67). 
  Att:  5,901. 
 