Michael O'Halloran scored twice as St Johnstone came from behind to consign struggling Motherwell to a fifth straight Scottish Premiership defeat.    O'Halloran 40′, 80′  
  Ainsworth 13′  
 Michael O'Halloran scored twice as St Johnstone came from behind to consign struggling Motherwell to a fifth straight Scottish Premiership defeat. 
 Lionel Ainsworth lashed high into the net for the opener after getting the break of the ball in the penalty area. 
 O'Halloran atoned for losing possession in the build-up to Well's goal by firing the home side level. 
 And the 23-year-old danced his way through the visiting defence to tuck away a late winner. 
 Tommy Wright's Saints moved up one place to eighth and now hold a six-point lead over second-bottom Well, who will go bottom if Ross County beat Aberdeen on Monday. 
 Neither side went into the game in good form, with the Perth side without a win in five league games, since beating Motherwell in August. 
 The hosts were more impressive early on, with O'Halloran testing goalkeeper Dan Twardzik. 
 Recent Saints signing James McFadden seemed keen to make an impression against his former club and lifted a free-kick into the box for Frazer Wright to head narrowly wide. 
 However, Saints proved to be their own undoing as O'Halloran was caught in possession deep inside his own half and, after Henrik Ojamaa had forced the ball forward, Ainsworth got a fortunate ricochet off Brian Easton and made no mistake with the finish. 
 Well, who had a close call when Dave MacKay's free-kick whistled wide, could have added to their lead with Steven Hammell firing wide and Ainsworth denied by a superb Alan Mannus save. 
 The goalkeeper's contribution proved crucial as the home side equalised immediately. 
 O'Halloran drove at the Motherwell defence and played a one-two with Lee Croft before sweeping the ball past Twardzik. 
 The pacy Ainsworth bent a shot just wide of the far post before half-time, but there were fewer chances after break. 
 Mannus pushed away a powerful Ojamaa effort, while Wright's prowess in the air forced Twardzik into a block. 
 McFadden played an important role in the decisive goal, spotting O'Halloran in space to set the forward on the mazy run that ended with an accomplished finish. 
 Substitute Josh Law lifted a shot over in stoppage time as Motherwell's evening ended in disappointment. 
  St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright:  &quot;The points are a welcome relief. The performance was good and so was the character. To go a goal behind at home and show the character they did was pleasing. 
 &quot;I'm pleased for Michael O'Halloran because he knows he could have done better for their goal. We're trying to encourage him to take people on and have some shots, and the second goal was a thing of beauty. 
 &quot;Hopefully we can build on that and start to look up the table.&quot; 
  Motherwell manager Stuart McCall:  &quot;We created enough chances to win the game. We created more tonight than we have for a while so that was a positive. The bottom line is we lost the game but I can't criticise the players tonight. 
 &quot;I thought going in level at half time was unjust but that's football. We've lost a game that there's no way we deserved to. 
 &quot;When we're 1-0 up and in control we had good opportunities to go further ahead but we didn't take them and were punished.&quot; 
    Full Time  Match ends, St. Johnstone 2, Motherwell 1. 
    Full Time  Second Half ends, St. Johnstone 2, Motherwell 1. 
 Attempt missed. Josh Law (Motherwell) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Gary McDonald (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Keith Lasley (Motherwell). 
 Brian Graham (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Mark O'Brien (Motherwell). 
  Substitution  Substitution, St. Johnstone. Gary Miller replaces Lee Croft. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Motherwell. Josh Law replaces Iain Vigurs. 
 Liam Caddis (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Lee Erwin (Motherwell). 
  Substitution  Substitution, Motherwell. Mark O'Brien replaces Steven Hammell because of an injury. 
  Substitution  Substitution, St. Johnstone. Liam Caddis replaces James McFadden. 
 Corner, Motherwell. Conceded by David Mackay. 
  Substitution  Substitution, Motherwell. Lee Erwin replaces Zaine Francis-Angol. 
  Goal!  Goal! St. Johnstone 2, Motherwell 1. Michael O'Halloran (St. Johnstone) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by James McFadden. 
 Gary McDonald (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Iain Vigurs (Motherwell). 
 Attempt missed. David Mackay (St. Johnstone) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Zaine Francis-Angol. 
 Corner, Motherwell. Conceded by Steven Anderson. 
 Attempt missed. Gary McDonald (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Attempt saved. Frazer Wright (St. Johnstone) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Brian Graham (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick on the right wing. 
 Foul by Simon Ramsden (Motherwell). 
 David Mackay (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Henrik Ojamaa (Motherwell). 
 Attempt saved. Michael O'Halloran (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Attempt missed. Iain Vigurs (Motherwell) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high from a direct free kick. 
 Foul by Gary McDonald (St. Johnstone). 
 Lionel Ainsworth (Motherwell) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Attempt missed. Gary McDonald (St. Johnstone) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left following a set piece situation. 
 Brian Graham (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Simon Ramsden (Motherwell). 
  Booking  Iain Vigurs (Motherwell) is shown the yellow card. 
 Attempt saved. Henrik Ojamaa (Motherwell) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Brian Graham (St. Johnstone). 
 Simon Ramsden (Motherwell) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Zaine Francis-Angol. 
 Foul by Gary McDonald (St. Johnstone). 
 Iain Vigurs (Motherwell) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Keith Lasley (Motherwell) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Gary McDonald (St. Johnstone). 
 James McFadden (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by Keith Lasley (Motherwell). 
 Attempt missed. Fraser Kerr (Motherwell) right footed shot from the right side of the box is too high. 
  Booking  Henrik Ojamaa (Motherwell) is shown the yellow card. 
 Michael O'Halloran (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Henrik Ojamaa (Motherwell). 
 Michael O'Halloran (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick on the left wing. 
 Foul by Fraser Kerr (Motherwell). 
   Second Half begins St. Johnstone 1, Motherwell 1. 
    Half Time  First Half ends, St. Johnstone 1, Motherwell 1. 
 Attempt missed. Lionel Ainsworth (Motherwell) right footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right. 
  Goal!  Goal! St. Johnstone 1, Motherwell 1. Michael O'Halloran (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Lee Croft. 
 Attempt saved. Lionel Ainsworth (Motherwell) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. 
 Attempt missed. David Mackay (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right from a direct free kick. 
 Brian Graham (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Simon Ramsden (Motherwell). 
 Brian Easton (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Foul by John Sutton (Motherwell). 
 Attempt missed. Steven Hammell (Motherwell) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Chris Millar (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Keith Lasley (Motherwell). 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Stephen McManus. 
 Keith Lasley (Motherwell) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Foul by Chris Millar (St. Johnstone). 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Simon Ramsden. 
 Foul by John Sutton (Motherwell). 
 Frazer Wright (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. 
 Attempt saved. Fraser Kerr (Motherwell) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. 
 Foul by Iain Vigurs (Motherwell). 
 Gary McDonald (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
  Goal!  Goal! St. Johnstone 0, Motherwell 1. Lionel Ainsworth (Motherwell) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the high centre of the goal. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Zaine Francis-Angol. 
 Attempt missed. Frazer Wright (St. Johnstone) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right following a set piece situation. 
 Foul by Stephen McManus (Motherwell). 
 Brian Graham (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by John Sutton. 
 Corner, St. Johnstone. Conceded by Zaine Francis-Angol. 
 Attempt saved. Michael O'Halloran (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. 
 Attempt missed. Iain Vigurs (Motherwell) right footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the right. 
 Corner, Motherwell. Conceded by Brian Easton. 
 Corner, Motherwell. Conceded by Lee Croft. 
 Attempt saved. Zaine Francis-Angol (Motherwell) right footed shot from long range on the left is saved in the centre of the goal. 
 Corner, Motherwell. Conceded by Brian Easton. 
   First Half begins. 
 Lineups are announced and players are warming up. 
Live data and text provided by our data suppliers
 