Hamilton Academical have no injury worries ahead of the visit of Partick Thistle.  Coverage: Updates on BBC Radio Scotland &amp; BBC Sport website
 Hamilton Academical have no injury worries ahead of the visit of Partick Thistle. 
 Stuart Bannigan is available for Partick Thistle despite being red-carded against Celtic in midweek. 
 Thistle have lodged an appeal against the dismissal, leaving the midfielder free to play in the meantime. 
 The Jags are still missing Gary Fraser and Sean Welsh, while Christie Elliott and Stephen O'Donnell are doubtful for the trip to New Douglas Park. 
  Hamilton Academical player-manager Alex Neil:  &quot;If you look at a club of our size, to go a full year only losing two games in a trot is remarkable really. 
 &quot;It is credit to how well the players have done. We are top of the league after 11 games and it really doesn't get much better than this for us, albeit we have lost two games. 
 &quot;Twenty-three points after 11 games is a magnificent start and we need to maintain that as long as possible. 
 &quot;Out of 13 or 14 games this season, the Aberdeen game in midweek is the one where we haven't really performed, so that is a good ratio as far as I am concerned. 
 &quot;Over the last year, our record has been excellent and we have bounced back really well from defeats. 
 &quot;What we need to do now is focus on the things that got us where we are, but that is not easy to maintain. 
 &quot;Tomorrow we will be looking to first and foremost put on a good performance and the result will take care of itself.&quot; 
  Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald:  &quot;Since I took charge, any time they have had a bad result they have bounced back and we will be looking for that on Saturday. 
 &quot;We looked at the footage of the Celtic game, we had to address it but it is finished now and we move on. 
 &quot;But we did enough in the last match [against Hamilton] to believe that we can go and hurt them. 
 &quot;We have to work as hard as them and match their energy because they have that in abundance. 
 &quot;Now they have confidence as well so we have to match them in every aspect.&quot; 
 