DIRECTOR Michael Attenborough ensures the audience are treated to a captivating web of secrets as JB Priestley's play set in 1932 is brought to life within a splendid Art Deco set. Theatre Review: Dangerous Corner, Theatre Royal, Glasgow, 27/10/14 - Daily Record JB Priestley is the master of the unexpected but this piece twisted and turned like Jimmy Johnstone.
The opening 20 minutes, while the plot and characters were established, was akin to a long, wet, windy night in a caravan in Saltcoats – seemingly interminable.
Maximum concentration is required to work out who is married to whom and what secrets lurk beneath the cheery facades.
However, once the plot settles it becomes obvious the scene, in a splendid Art Deco set, is far more than the frothy cocktail party it appears at curtain up.
A chance remark lights the fuse in an explosive set of revelations destined to rip apart the lives of all the main protagonists.
But just when you think you know it all, Priestley turns it back on its head to leave you wondering once more.
Covert affairs, homosexual secrets, unrequited love and grand theft are all uncovered during this two-act play. And through it all, the brooding presence of the catalyst for all the destruction, Martin, casts a huge shadow – remarkable when he doesn’t even appear in the production.
This Pandora’s Box of a play needs a strong cast and excellent direction and this production had all the right ingredients.
Director Michael Attenborough’s gentle hand on the tiller allowed the characters to develop naturally and prevented it turning into a dark farce.
There have been attempts to set this 1932 play in modern times but the original era is essential to the believability of the plot.
The subjects covered are rehearsed daily on Facebook and Twitter these days, so there would be no element of shock if set in the 21st century. Thankfully, Attenborough makes no attempt to change the character of the piece.
The actors, in turn, made this creation believable and captivating.
Michael Praed, a twinkly-eyed silver fox, held the ensemble together with his delightful observational commentary.
Scots actor Colin Buchanan was wonderfully stuffy as Robert Caplan and Finty Williams showed her acting pedigree as a truly superb Freda Caplan. But then, could we expect anything less of the daughter of Dame Judi Dench and the equally fabulous late Michael Williams?
The spilling of secrets is always a great spectator sport and this is no exception.
 