MATHEW Edward was key member of gang smuggling in millions of pounds worth of Venezuelan drugs hidden in shipments of fruit. Scots drug-runner jailed for almost seven years for plotting to flood Scotland with cocaine - Daily Record A SCOTS drug-runner has been jailed for plotting to flood the country with high-purity cocaine.
Mathew Edward, 49, was a linchpin in a gang smuggling drugs into the UK hidden in shipments of watermelons and pomegranates.
Kevin Hanley, 52, set up the international trafficking ring after &quot;Mr Big&quot; Brian Wright - known as The Milkman because he always delivered - was brought down by a massive police operation.
Hanley used a wholesale food business in London’s Covent Garden Market as a front for the transportation of Venezuelan cocaine by lorry from southern Europe to the UK.
His new venture was finally broken up in 2012 after a surveillance operation led to the arrest of his gang and the seizure of &pound;2.5million of cocaine and &pound;2million in cash.
But Hanley remained on the run in Greece until July last year when police swooped on an Irish pub in Athens as he watched the British and Irish Lions rugby team beat Australia.
He pleaded guilty to the drug smuggling conspiracy in January but the case could not be reported until now. Hanley was jailed for 17 years and four months.
His two “lieutenants”, Greek TV mogul Chrysi Minadaki, 45, and grocery businessman John Fowler, 58, were jailed for 17 years and 16 years respectively.
As part of the operation, Hanley's henchman Edward - who has three other convictions for supplying drugs at the Glasgow High Court - plotted the distribution of cocaine to Scotland and was jailed for six years and 10 months. His associate Richard Harrison, 58, from Liverpool, was jailed for five years and six months.
In 2013 Edward was jailed for 12 years for conspiracy to supply heroin and Harrison was jailed for nine years for the same offence.
Brian Brendan Wright was the head of the most successful international drug trafficking network before he was jailed for 30 years in 2007.
The smooth talking gambler boasted a celebrity lifestyle, counting the comedian Jim Davidson and the bookmaker Victor Chandler among his horseracing acquaintances.
Police launched a massive investigation into The Wright Organisation after &pound;80million of cocaine was discovered on a yacht near Cork, Ireland, in November 1998.
Judge Wendy Joseph QC told Hanley: “You were known to be at the top of your illegal trade, and were described as a ‘top, top man’. It is you who has drawn everybody together in this web of trafficking.
“It does not need me to spell out the harrowing misery that drug trafficking causes, not least to the victims of other crimes committed in order that drugs are purchased.”
Harrison and Edward, of no fixed address, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply cocaine earlier this year. Three others were also jailed for their role in the operation.